GYM BUD? GRAD GYM (KINROSS)
Hey what’s up? I’m 29 looking for a committed gym buddy to join me at the Kinross gym . I’ve decided to get back into the gym and want to do some weight training, but very lost where to start so I’m looking for someone who is kind of versed willing to show me a little bit of what they know about weight lifting, machines and etc; also able to come to the gym when they first open in the morning. We can grab coffee and chat.  I’m pretty much looking for an accountabilibuddy (some of you are too young to know where that’s from. Lol.)

grad housing
hi! I’m going to ucla in early aug for my master’s &amp; was just wondering how difficult it is to get on-campus housing? specifically the single grad housing in UAN since I won’t be bringing my car w/ me so I’m hoping I can get that over the UAS.

UCLA Alumni scholarship deadline
Hi everyone, I have a question regarding the UCLA Alumni scholarship. Is the deadline tomorrow night by 11:59 PM or is it tonight by 11:59 PM?

Infatuation
Man, I don’t why I began more and more infatuated these days like when I was in high school I could give less shit about these. Now with moving into college and going through classes and talking with all these fine young bitches I began becoming more lustful each day. Stressballing with my classes. This place is a fuking nerd nuthouse. Full of pretentious phony snobs kissing each other's ass yet deep in their hearts they all fuking fuking each other. Can't everyone just go ease on one another and be nice? I know this is LA Like the fuking movie American psycho. It is so fuking distracting. I want to find a fuking girlfriend and get out of this place. Every day I walk down to campus and take a 2-hour breath class full of 200 people and leave. This fuking sucks and it was fuking boring, and I gotta continue to do this for four years. I am done with this place. I am fuking done with my depressing introverted personality in going through this college, I gonna take to some girls and start a real life. College sucks. Drop out and start a business if you can.

Looking for room swap
(F) in a plaza triple shared bathroom in Hedrick summit looking to swap into a plaza double or triple anywhere! preferably in sunset though. PM me if interested!

How to set up an appointment with Smallberg
I took his class a year ago, but wanted to meet with him for a personal matter. He doesn't really reply to emails, so how can I set up an appointment with him?

SWAPPING PHYSICS 1B/4AL
If anyone is willing to swap Math 33A for Physics 1B/4AL pls pm me!!

is there sesame in the food at feast?


Salpicón Açaí Bowls
Are they any good?

1 bd/2 person sublet available​ for fall 2023!
My roommate and I both going abroad fall quarter and are looking to sublet our room with two spots! The room is very large and easily fits two double beds and two desks. It also has huge mirrored closets. There are two other bedrooms in the apartment each with two girls. Location is super close to campus and rent is only 1125 each, but we are willing to discount it! There is also a parking space available if needed! Please pm me with any questions

Couldn’t get an RSU group for early signup since my roommate ditched me last minute—any chance of me getting anything other than a triple?


Seniors with a studio apartment
please dm if you’re in a studio apartment near campus and graduating in the spring! I’m looking for anyone who can transfer their lease for the 2023-2024 school year :)

Study abroad NYC
I am a soc major and I saw that there is a travel study in NYC this summer. Has anyone ever did study abroad? I am rlly interested but I wanna see what kind of funding I get, however I can’t apply for funding unless I apply for the program and pay $300 lol

Does anyone wants my place in M119L-Human Neuropsychology (23S)?
[removed]

Computer Engineering curriculum project
Hi there, I have a project that I'm struggling with, and I'm hoping for some help. It is a whole presentation, but I need specific help with my flow chart. I have to make a flow chart of the required courses for a bachelor's in computer engineering. I need help with what electives fill what requirements—For example, the technical breadth elective and electrical, computer engr elective, and the Samueli ge electives. I'm not from UCLA, so it's hard to understand how to set up this flow chart.

Best places/times to study abroad as a math of comp major?
Curious if anyone stem kids have done this, would love to hear your experiences and advice, who should I go to first to get it set up?

Looking for female roommate 2023-24 + subletters summer 2023
Hello everyone! Our third roommate in our 1B1Ba is graduating, so we are looking for someone to fill her spot from September 2023 to September 2024 (earlier or just summer lease can be discussed). This is a fully furnished spot in an apartment that is a ten minute walk from De Neve (fifteen minutes to Medical Plaza). One of these beds/desks could be yours! We are looking for a non-smoking/vaping female.  The total rent is $2045/month, so split three ways it comes down to a very affordable $681.33/month. Utilities have generally run us about $25/month/person, with internet being another $20/month/person. Thus, prior to groceries and other living costs, you'd be expecting to pay around $725/month. And with little starting cost, too, since everything is already ready for your move-in!  A little about us: My roomate 21F and I am a 23F. We are both East Asian-American, and LGBTQ-friendly. My roomate is a UCLA alum who is currently working in Santa Monica, and my hobbies are playing viddy games and writing fiction. I am a grad student in scenic design, and I like watching live shows and movies and exploring LA architecture! We tend to live a pretty quiet life, with guests over infrequently. Our favorite way to bond is through making food for each other! Currently, the three of us split our grocery bills ($25/week/person) and roughly split our cooking/cleaning duties based on our schedules and mood. We’re looking for someone who’s equally excited to continue this tradition.  The lease starts and ends September 1st, but if you would like to move in during the summer, we do have two spots open. (In general, to those looking for a summer sublease only, contact us and we can help you out!)  Please DM me if you think we would be a good match. Looking forward to meeting you all!  https://preview.redd.it/s123ezp6q7la1.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=d916bda3a6b11750306ef3e96141d0cdc2ebf520  https://preview.redd.it/nsoblyp6q7la1.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=2e49e42589bda8ea9851e788397aa0d91be06ac3  https://preview.redd.it/gdhf33p6q7la1.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=f839bf00ff44613e5c947c88fc9c1b9c938cf34b  *Processing img uj8ei2p6q7la1...*  https://preview.redd.it/y3ns54p6q7la1.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=645f1cab7630373ea33dcbf6f28dd702d941dda3  https://preview.redd.it/ehxt4mp6q7la1.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=1b79d26920b8823c78c2d102121940407c71fc02  https://preview.redd.it/upupimp6q7la1.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=8620a490ad03c34c130310a96795063e5cc5a1ee  https://preview.redd.it/crr9p2p6q7la1.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=0b3b9a91d676a71e3c77733e573c1b4c630ccaa6  https://preview.redd.it/fvruupo6q7la1.jpg?width=1108&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=565996b0bffb3b022a46c9d53c5abb083e23dca7  https://preview.redd.it/z17xnbp6q7la1.jpg?width=1108&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=ea8eddde8a4bc9b826de1bfc4b998f4a03ffb650

anyone wanna be swiped into feast tmr?? or buy swipes in the future??
pm meee

Easy A classes to take next quarter!!
Ik some have probably posted about this before, but some time has passed since enrollment opened and I’m wondering which easy classes are still open rn. Pleeeaaase!! I need gpa boosters :((

Merch
Hey guys! Where can I get affordable UCLA merch that’s actually cute??

To the girl who saw me using my cane and told her friend, “I’m blind too! I want to take out my cane now!”
I really wanted to say hi but I was doing O&amp;M. You made me smile though. UCLA is so massive and it’s easy to forget there are others like me.

Is having internship enough to get into good grad school?
I'm thinking of applying for grad school in the future. But I don't have any research experience or publication. I have good grade and decent amount internship, they're from very good companies so I wonder if that's sufficient for the admission. I'm only considering MS so Idk if I need research or paper.

varvarezos appreciation thread &lt;3
Such a good professor for math 32B. engaging and useful lectures, reasonable midterms, super active on piazza. I wish he could be my professor for every class 🥺 👉👈

Last minute but looking to join single pod for dorms! Rsu time is Monday at 11am


My friend is a SWE at Netflix without a CS degree?
We're both biz econ and we both r doing the DSE minor, but she's a year older and I check her linkedin and she's a SWE at Netflix after CS 31 and CS 32???? WHAT? ig she could've leetcode but still, isnt there like 15 classes needed to really understand SWE?

Hmu if you want to buy basketball ticket for Thursday or Saturday
prices can be negotiated

We are working on optimizing safer routes back to campus so we partnered with Lyft to make cheaper rides to go back to campus. We would love if you included your signature! https://docs.google.com/forms/u/1/d/e/1FAIpQLSdgP76KX2Qo-9DGInSy7THnKdWcj8cqg8FzIrX1-G0OOCsAWQ/viewform?usp=send_form


If anyone could hold a specific 5 unit GE from March 3rd to the start of Spring Quarter pls DM, willing to pay


Not an ad but Me and the UCLA Student Government are working on optimizing safer routes back to campus so we partnered with Lyft to make “Bruin Lyft Rides” aka cheaper rides to go back to campus. We would love if you included your signature!
It is in works and we would like to make it permanent and if it becomes permanent, we will partner with Uber and other organizations.  https://docs.google.com/forms/u/1/d/e/1FAIpQLSdgP76KX2Qo-9DGInSy7THnKdWcj8cqg8FzIrX1-G0OOCsAWQ/viewform?usp=send_form

Selling basketball tickets
[removed]

Selling basketball tickets
[removed]

Commencement tickets 2023
Has anyone gotten their commencement tickets yet for the 2023 graduation? I heard they would be out in February but I haven't got any information after that

Snow on Campus Today!


is there rooftop access at hedrick hall??


Ucla dining is going to test out a mobile ordering app for restaurants on the hill 😌


Was it just snowing?
or am i trippin

looking to rent parking spot
[removed]

looking to buy parking spot for few weeks
[removed]

Does anybody know the official graduation date for students graduation this Winter quarter?
I can’t seem to find any date besides when the quarter officially ends, which is on March 24th. Is that considered the official graduation date?

CS and Java Tutoring
are there willing students who can tutor in person and assist in the above topics twice a week and paying 15 bucks an hour?

Cs 31/32 for pic 10
Why does the math department not accept cs 32 as a valid substitute for pic 10c? It's the same material but even more difficult. I'm just curious if anyone else is having the same issue bc i think cs 33 or 35L is super excessive for pic 10c credit.

customized ucla sashes
does anyone know if we get the customized sashes from Bruin custom print how long it normally takes to get the customized sash?

Eng Comp 5W with Mehdizadeh
Has anyone taken Eng Comp 5w with Mehdizadeh? I  was wondering if attendance to lecture is required for this course.

For the younger students, please take advantage of every second you have here


Hail at Lu Valle around noon today


What would be a sufficient reason for receiving a pass or no pass in a petition? PLEASE HELP
So I am an English major Pre-law student, and for some reason I decided to take an Introductory STEM course(just for fun). Yes, I know stupid mistake. Anyway, I have a C in this class at the moment, and am afraid it will affect my GPA in order to get into a good law school. Since its an intro class I want to petition for a pass or no pass because it's already Week 8, but can't find any excuse in why it would be plausible because of the impossible limitations UCLA has: **poor or superior academic performance, poor judgment in choosing classes, change of major, or illness. What else would be a sufficient passing reason? Someone please help.**

Switch POL SCI M141A/PSYCH M138 from 1B (12pm) to 1C (1pm)
Currently for Spring '23, I have 1C (1 p.m.), but I'm trying to get a earlier discussion time (noon); so if anybody wants to exchange Discussion sections, DM me!

willing to pay for soc gen 102 spot!
plz help

Graduation
I need graduation photographer recommendations please 😭

Looking for RA's: I'm Hosting a Clothing and Menstrual Products Donation Drive for Refugee Crisis Shelters in Mexico!
Hi everyone!   I'm currently trying to host a used clothing and menstrual product donation drive, where my organization will directly bring them to Mexico to distribute to refugee crisis shelters! My vision is to use lounges/firesides of each building as a clothing donation drop off site, where residents can come to drop off their donations throughout two days that we hold the event. I'm still trying to work out the dates, but I'm currently in need of RA's to help expand the program across the hill. Please let me know if this is something that you're interested in--I would greatly appreciate any help!

online summer courses
are summer courses that are online notated on the transcript as such? does it say on the transcript if a class is online?

anyone selling life science 7C for spring 2023?
[removed]

Academic Counselor
I really need guidance on my academic plan but CAAC is a load of shit and they've never been helpful to me.... Do we have access to actual counselors ??

Hedrick Hall Dorm Scam?
...now looking back, it's so stupid i got swindled into doing this shit but at the time, my mind wasn't in the right state and i felt pressured. did anyone else get approached by some high school dudes asking to help support their business school project by buying an LA Times newspaper subscription? it happened to me on south 4th floor of hedrick hall (but i saw them visiting other floors too) last week on feb 22nd. i didn't want to give my credit card info but they said i'd get reimbursed later... sounds so stupid but in the moment i didn't know how to say no still and they seemed legit since i got their email address and phone number. it was a dumb mistake and after seeing the part where i had to input my personal info, i should've stopped there.  my bank acct first labeled my payment as pending but now the $25 i paid went through. i went to my LA times acct and canceled the subscription to stop anymore possible payments.

Special Recycling Centers at UCLA
Is there a place or event on campus where I can recycle things like e-waste, shoes, and clothes?

this year's final for epss 17 w brown
hi, currently enrolling in classes and want to know how the final is for eps sci 17 dinosaurs and their relatives is. i have another final that ends 30 min before epss 17 final starts and want to know how hard it is, what the format it, and if this is doable? thanks

Schedule for Spring
CS 111 Physics 1B Physics 4AL Math 115A  Right now, I’m doing: CS 35L CS M151B Physics 1A Math 33B  and managing it really easily, have As in all of them. Should Spring quarter be a problem? I’ve noticed that 111 and 115A are both 5 units.  Also, for Fall: CS 131 CS 180 Math 131A One other  How about that?

Off campus housing?
[removed]

How can I see what quarters upper divs are offers?
I heard upper div classes are often times only offered once a year, so I want to start planning my upper div coursework but I dunno how to check which quarters upper divs are offered in.

Switch STATS 20 from 1C (12pm) to 1B (11am)
Currently for Spring '23, I have 1B (11 a.m.), but I'm trying to get a later discussion time (noon); so if anybody wants to exchange Discussion sections, DM me!

What classes is Terrance Tao teaching this quarter?


Hi! Please help me out with an assignment for class by completing a 1-minute survey on online shopping!


are the exams for online asynch classes online as well?
looking to take a few asynch classs over the summer since i’m an international student but i’m just worried that the exams will be in person. does anyone know if the exams for all asynch classes are also online? thank u:)

Do holds go away instantly
I got a hold on my account saying that I needed to pay spring term bill. I just did but it still says that I have a hold on my account

Today is really cold🥶🥶🥶
Dress warmly and be careful not to catch a cold.

has anyone taken an education class with Cecilia Rios Aguilar? or has anyone taken EDUC 118?
please tell me both are good 🥲🥲

A word of caution to would-be Bruins
With the Spring fast approaching, it is time again for letters from universities to applicants. Students from all over will receive acceptances, waitlists, or rejections. Many of them will come from our own UCLA, which received some 175,000 applications last year. Most students have their preferences in mind, but some will simply make a decision once the acceptances are in. Even fewer will come to those institutions’ subreddits, curious about the schools and with questions for its students, alumni, or staff. In the past, mods have stickied megathreads for the incoming. It is to those few I post this note.   With a handful of exceptions, I do *not* recommend you go to UCLA. Those exceptions include: you are certain you are going into a STEM field (finance included), you are an athlete or person of color, and/or you are a citizen of California (receiving in-state tuition). These are broad categorizations but make sense to me and other alumni. College is expensive and a large number of folks only go for the credential. If I had to redo things, I likely would not have gone to UCLA, Cal, or possibly any school (off the bat). The bad outweighed the good, and I am arguably a worse person now than before stepping on campus as an undergrad.  Regardless of your ultimate decision, good luck.

GroupMe for LS7A
Hello! I know it's so late in the quarter but is there a group me or a different class chat for LS 7A? Thanks!

Botanical Garden or Sculpture Garden
Which is better (more picturesque and interesting to hang out) than the other to bring someone to?

MBA: BCP and SMR
About to start a new semester and enter year 2 of my MBA. Just accepted a new offer in a different state.   Can either one of these be done remotely or do I have to stop my degree?

Need advice on friend staying at UCLA
At the start of the year my roommates and I made it very clear that no girls/boys would stay over in our dorm, so I don’t want to bring it up with them. Are there any cheap options around here? I want to swipe him into dining halls and such but idk where he could stay

SUMMER SUBLET: one bedroom/studio
Hi, my roommate and I are looking to sublet an entire place (studio or one bedroom) from June or mid-june to the end of August. We will be in the area interning and attend college in NYC.  We sublet from a UCLA student last year and had a great time. We are super chill, clean, and experienced subletters. Looking for a furnished full apartment with parking (but not required). TYIA!

chem 14bl lab switch
i’m currently enrolled in lab 2f (tues 5:30-8:20), and i have another class overlapping that can’t be moved.

followed from night powell
[deleted]

can they not tease me like this 😡


Holding classes for $,, pm me : )
[deleted]

Does anyone know what’s going on at Gayley/Strathmore?
There are a bunch of cop cars and it’s taped off.

getting out of hand
not sure if this is new to me or a long-running trend at ucla but the whole holding classes and charging for spots is kinda nuts and seems to be getting out of hand.   it’s also upsetting as a student from a low-income background, who if forced to shop for a spot in a class i need, could not afford to get into a bidding war with another student of means.   not to be a hater, but just don’t register for the classes you don’t need. drop them if they’re no longer of use to u. stop monopolizing yet another aspect of our education

What resources does UCLA have for internship placement?
I've been searching for an internship in the entertainment industry, and recently spoke to a connection who told me that I should look to see if UCLA has some sort of internship placement program. I've not been able to find anything of the sort other than just normal career center advice, but I'm wondering if I'm missing something?

Any tips for someone trying to get into the hookup/dating scene?
I’m a guy and I’ve had no luck meeting anyone at parties or even getting matches on tinder.

Citizen Science SETI Project at UCLA (from seti@home)


Torres Rodríguez or M.A. Toderi for Physics 1A this summer?
Has anyone had either professor for Physics 1A? They’re both offered for summer sessions.  Also has anyone taken physics 1A over the summer? What is it like? Any advice/info would be greatly appreciated!

sculpture garden smut - NSFW
i recently discovered that i'm pretty good at writing smut, so i tried my hand at writing one based on our beautiful campus! only 500 words, let me know what you think and i hope you horny bastards enjoy :)      &gt; “i love seeing you worried.” i looked back at him, as he looked up at me. he reached up and grabbed my hand. “no one’s going to know. this spot is just for you and me.”   &gt;  but people were going to know. for god’s sake, we were practically in the middle of the damn sculpture garden. even though it was getting close to nightfall all it would take is someone on a short walk and we would be found. and he knew that! he was toying with me just because he could, because he knew i would do whatever he said.  &gt; as he pulled me down, i let my balance go as i fell into his arms. i kissed him like i’d kissed him many times, softly at first, then with more and more purpose, pushing myself into him, drinking from him. he let out a soft moan, like he ALWAYS did, cause he knew it would drive me crazy. “you’re going to blow our cover, you idiot.” he smiled at me. “i’m not going to be the one blowing something right now.”  &gt; he was so confident it was almost annoying. but as i felt the heartbeat emanate from his pants i knew he was right. as i unzipped his pants i thought about the first time i’d seen it, and how i’d gasped like it was my first time seeing a dick. i was one of those people who always said they didn’t care about dick size, and that was still true, but his dick was different. it was big in a way that it almost posed a challenge, like it wanted me to stretch my sexual horizons almost as much as it would stretch me.  &gt; i blew him for at least ten minutes, and in that time no one walked by, not even one! but the instant i wanted to ride him of course some lost freshman walked by. why they have 6pm classes in bunche i’ll never know. that doesn’t mean he didn’t fuck me, of course; once we were at that stage we always fucked. it was impossible not to! once i was that turned on his dick fit perfectly inside me, like it was finally home. but it meant that i had to stifle my moans under the blanket. the whole. fucking. time. he relies on my self control, honestly. i think next time we fuck at his place i’ll be extra loud just to get him back.  &gt; that was the first time that i ever had sex in public, but it wasn’t the last. the sculpture garden is nice, but there are a few other places that were even riskier, and therefore better for us (the best one being in the main library of Powell). we fed off of that, the idea of being seen, both because of the obvious taboo and because it would in a way validate just how perfect things felt. we were as landmarks, as natural and everyday as the buildings and streets of that campus, and i fit with him.

Why don’t my posts show up here?
[removed]

Mental health impacting my performance
[removed]

UCLA TAG
I noticed no one has been talking about this so I wanted to start a discussion, but UCLA is now considering being part of TAG which means as long as you have a specific GPA at a California community college, you will be guaranteed admission into the school. Thoughts?  Article:  [https://dailybruin.com/2023/01/24/budget-proposal-would-include-ucla-in-transfer-admission-guarantee-program](https://dailybruin.com/2023/01/24/budget-proposal-would-include-ucla-in-transfer-admission-guarantee-program)

Depression impacting my academics
[removed]

failing two of my classes
[removed]

I’m failing two of my classes
[removed]

I’m failing two of my classes
[removed]

drop com lit 2bw
title (will pay)

Last Call! - Garmin/Spartan Racer Research Study!
Data collection for my research study on Spartans ends this **Saturday 3/4 at 11:59 pm PST!** Thank you so much if you've already participated or spread the word, but if you are eligible and haven't gotten a chance then there is still time! **Just be sure to include a screenshot from your race data** in the Garmin connect app to be eligible (video instructions link in the survey itself) for a chance to enter the raffle for 1 of 8 free races!  My name is Gabe Hernandez and I’m a grad student at Cal State Long Beach in my last semester of my M.S. in Athletic Training degree. For my thesis/research project I’ve been conducting a study on Spartan racers who used a Garmin smartwatch in the last 5 years to record their race data. By entering so you can opt-in for a raffle for a free Spartan race in 2023! While this may not be directly applicable to your interests in this subreddit page, I hope that this is able to reach a wider audience so that I may use this data to publish an official article after I graduate and represent the obstacle course racing community in scientific literature. If you’re interested the link for the survey is in my bio, or if you would like more info feel free to DM me. The link is listed below and you can also scan the QR code in this flier!  [https://csulb.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_cYGrm3AoElbzR1s](https://csulb.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cYGrm3AoElbzR1s)  \*\*Just to be clear I have been given permission to post this by the moderator team for educational purposes only. This post is in no way an advertisement for my university, Spartan Race, or affiliated with this subreddit.\*\*  Thanks so much for your time and have a great day!  Gabe Hernandez, CSCS, SGX  AROO!  &amp;#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/ss4klbr303la1.png?width=1080&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=40bb7cc2e266ed88049ef340c2b6c334f2f59915

Who is taking ls30B this spring? I want to try forming a study group if anyone is interested ^^


PTE 4 MGMT CLASS
do they typically give out pte numbers

Do they give out PTE for cluster classes?
Had a horrible second pass time and all cluster sessions that fit my schedule are full. Has anyone been in the same shoes?

Thinking of proposing at UCLA...
I am planning to propose on weekend to my girlfriend in front of Shapiro fountain (where we had one our first dates), but I am worried it might be crowded. Do you guys think it would be feasible to have friends block off the area for a little bit or should I consider alternative spot? :)  *Edit: I forgot to specify weekend in original post. Think it would be less crowded. Thanks all!

Easy math upper div?
I only need one more math upper div to finish my major and tbh im just tired and want an easy, low workload class. From what I've read, 106 and 164 seem to be my best choices. Which one between those two would be easier? Any other suggestions? I already have 151A, 151B, and 132.

Probability of getting into Chem 14C?
Unfortunately I was not even able to secure a waitlist for this class and I was wondering if there’s still a way I can get in somehow. If someone drops will a spot open on the waitlist? And if i do get on the waitlist, what’s the probability I’ll be able to enroll in this class?

How should I measure yogurt? What should I use to measure the yogurt from the dining halls?
[deleted]

hey! willing to pay for spot in psych 186D


Etiquette on asking for letter of rec when you don’t rly know ur TAs?
Or should I not ask at all? 😭

CS33, CS35L, Physics 1B, Phys 4AL Viable?
Would it be plausible to take cs33, cs35L, phys 1B, phys 4AL in one quarter? Or would it be too much to handle? If so, would a better idea be to take cs35L out of the schedule and take a GE?  Any advice is much appreciated. Thanks :)

willing to pay for a spot in ling 1
pm me!

Ling 1
[removed]

Ling 1
[removed]

Ling 1 For Cash
[removed]

beyond wonderland 2 day GA pass
[removed]

Willing to pay for a spot in hist 96w psychedelics seminar
Hi if anyone enrolled in Hist 96w seminar 5 psychedelics next quarter is willing to drop it please let me know! willing to pay and i can trade you my spot in another ge!  Also if anyone has taken this seminar before how was it and what was the grading breakdown? I couldn't find any reviews specific to this seminar on bruinwalk.

Where can I sell meal swipes? And how much should I sell them for?
[removed]

Can I take math 32A and B in the summer at community college and transfer credit?


Does UCLA have a jeopardy team or trivia club?
I want my roomate to join so any help would be appreciated

Psych 100B, seems impossible to get into
[removed]

selling swipes - w23!
[removed]

Survey for Student Survey
[removed]

Waitlist - Spanish 1, Psych 100 A, Philos 6
What are the chances of getting off the waitlist? Does anyone have any experience, thank you!

CS 31 w/ Smallberg - recorded lectures?
I have a class that coincides with the Wednesday lectures, though the syllabus for the class states that there are recorded lectures and that the midterms are not during the lecture timeslots. So, can anyone that has taken the class confirm that it would be okay to skip in-person Wednesday lectures? Thanks in advance!!!

My Review of HC70A with Professor Goldberg
I cannot talk with friends today  Because I have more reading  I have no time to laugh or play  Because I have more reading  I’d love to spend time at buffets  Have fun in many other ways  But alas, much to my dismay  I can’t  Because I have more reading  I can’t spend time on anything  Because I have more reading  My sanity hangs by a string  Because I have more reading  My memory is now blurring  Forgetting all on page 19  Recounting all the things I’ve seen  Is hopeless  Because I have more reading  I stay up past the crack of dawn  Because I have more reading  Many sleepless nights have come and gone  Because I have more reading  I power through my every yawn  But the pages just go on and on  It’s a lonely life that I must don  Because I have more reading  Now discussion brings me stress  Because I have more reading  I read for lecture, but nonetheless  I somehow have more reading  I have no time to decompress  What I’d like to do is… well I digress  I must get back to Pearson’s text  Because I have more reading  Discussion asks things I don’t know  Although I did the reading  I couldn’t even write down notes  Because I had more reading  So now I have nothing to show  My answers would make you think I’m slow  Which makes me want to chug Bordeaux  Because I did all the reading  And now discussion’s finally done  And yet I have more reading  We had one lecture, now another one  And so I do more reading  We’ll watch a movie, which is fun  But our week’s work has just begun  Which makes me want to use my gun  Because we have more reading  I’ve had the last lecture of the week  So I should have no more reading  But now quiz answers I must seek  And so I do more reading  Some of the questions make me weak,  Confused, and hopeless; things look bleak  It’s almost due, I want to shriek  But I can’t find  The answers in the reading  It’s Monday, just past 6 o’clock  And now I have more reading  Lecture’s tomorrow, and I’m not shocked  That I must do more reading  A cycle that will never stop  I wish my brain would simply pop  And so I go reach for my glock  Because, yet again, I have more reading

Willing to pay for spot in chem 14c or ls7a
Dm me if interested.

what do you guys think of Ethnomusicology (ETHNMUS) ETHNMUS 19 - Making of Folk Hero in Hip-Hop Culture with professor Keyes, C.L.


buying lunch swipe at deneve tomorrow. thx


Looking for Early RSU Time (Willing to pay)
[deleted]

Chem 14A Discussion Switch!!
Anyone with a Discussion on Wednesday/Friday, willing to switch discussion times with me. I currently have Dis 1L, Friday 3-3:50 pm. Preferably sections 1K and 1E if you have them, if not the other slots work too!

Switching CHEM 14B discussions
I have CHEM 14B (Dis 2D) with Scerri. Is anyone with Dis 2B, 2E, 2F, 2H, or 2I willing to switch with me?

Do waitlisted classes show up on your degree audit?
Title

looking for rsu group 4/4 (male)
I'm rising senior, no smoking no drinking love to work out and watch soccer  I'm clean!

looking to trade a spot in psych 127a for a different psych upper div
please pm bc i currently have a schedule conflict with this class! and it’s dis 1h

CS 131 enrollment!
Hello Bruins, particularly, those in the CS department. If you are currently enrolled in CS 131 and are leaning towards dropping, I would like to **$trongly** **per$uade** you to drop. Pls pm me!  Thanks again!

Should I drop/take the B?
Hi. I’m premed and I’m most likely getting a B in one of my classes. I’m a junior/transfer and I’m debating on dropping and retaking it or if I should just take the B?  For context last quarter was my first and I got a B in a bio class and C+ in physics. I’m scared about my gpa for med school. Pls any help

CS 143 with Rosario Final Exam / Practice Exam
Would anyone who has taken Rosario’s CS143 Final Exam be willing to share their final exam / any practice questions / exams he gave you? I am trying to compile resources to study for the exam given that Rosario said: “in the future, I will not provide practice problems” (because someone asked him to maybe not post practice problems the day before the midterm in the future).   Given that we can no longer expect resources for review from the professor, I would appreciate any resources that former CS143 students may have! Thank you :)

Groupme, Slack, or Discord?
What is your preference for class/study groups? Pls share pros/cons, etc. I’m thinking of consolidating because switching back and forth and constant notifications from all are driving me nuts  …

Need a den pass ticket to the basketball game this Saturday(3/4)
[removed]

can i still eat on the hill if i lost my bruin card?


It's okay, we all feel stuck some days


why can’t i enroll in CS31 even though it’s my second pass??
the class is restricted to engineering majors only basically, but someone told me that once your second pass comes around, anyone can enroll, even people who are not in the school of engineering (aka me). does anyone know when i can actually enroll in this class ???

Looking to switch chem 14C lectures
I have lecture 2, looking to switch into lecture 1 because of schedule conflict.  If interested, DM me!

UCLA monitoring computer activity
Does Ucla monitor our activity on our computers if we use their wifi? Do they know what websites we are on ETC..? Even if it’s our own computer but connected to their wifi?

PHYSICS 5A NEED CLASS PLS 🙏 😪


Physics 5C midterm 2
[deleted]

2bed/3ppl
what are our chances of getting a 2bed/3ppl apartment if our rsu time is on march 7? anyone know if they fill up fast 🤔

We not frm 63rd.


Essay Writer and other things
accepting applications for anyone who needs anything done. From essays to changing your cars headlights, housecleaning, photography, moving etc hit me

Question about Early RSU Sign up
[deleted]

will pay $ for spot in mgmt 1a, lec 1
Hmu with ur discussion and lecture times + asking price

Coachella Weekend 1 Pass
[removed]

Contacting Housing
Could anyone tell me how I could contact housing about questions with RSU?

Has anyone seen a bruincard around campus (as well as off campus) since the AM?


a long shot but does anyone in lab 1O (fri) for eps sci 17 wanna switch labs with me (lab 1H, wed) 🫠
1H is at 4-5:50pm on wednesdays and i need wednesday free for my job so if you don’t want a lab on fridays hmu 🤩

spring schedule
my roommate is taking these classes next quarter would you say this is doable?  - math 32B (Wong) - physics 1B (Corbin) - cs32 (Smallberg) - math 61 (Robichaux)

Intimate spots on campus to hang/bring food?
Any suggestions? The botanical garden? Trying to find a spot to build mutual intimacy

Survey
[removed]

syllabus for japan 130b or hist 173d?
i’m thinking about taking either one of these classes purely out of interest, so i wanted to know the topics covered/expectations for the class. does anyone have a syllabus for either of these classes, or if i email the prof, would they give it to me?

P/NP Upper Div Elective?
Considering P/NP Math115A vs. getting a lower grade such as C or B- (i have all A's right now). How bad would it look to P/NP for grad schools? Vs. get a low grade?

Selling both Arizona UCLA tickets for this week
[removed]

Does Econ 41 Satisfy the POL SCI stats requirement?


NEED ECON TUTOR!
PM me asap!

Who else got off the Econ 1 waitlist for Spring?
Title

what eateries on campus (besides Ackerman) takes food tickets?
[deleted]

math 170e spot avail!
[deleted]

How do academic clubs get funding? :)
Besides fundraisers!

AP Research Help
[removed]

everything sucks….
schools hard, relationships/friendships abysmal. my parents flew down this weekend from sf to tell me i seemed depressed and have “thin skin”. and to be fair that’s true.  i wanted to come on here and rant about how today sucked and i wanna curb stomp the middle schoolers in ackerman.  however in an effort to be more positive here are the things that made today suck less: -cute dogs in sweaters being walked by two elderly women  -the fat squirrels  -i found a new place to study in yrl  TLDR: everyone is struggling rn but things might be ok sometimes? [dude feeding raccoons hot dogs just bc](https://youtu.be/Ofp26_oc4CA)

Closed Classes
If there's a class that's closed because it's full, would a waitlist open up if people start dropping or would I even be able to get a PTE for that class?

How does holding a spot in a class work?
Hello,  If someone holds a spot in a class and there is a waitlist is there a way to guarantee that you get the spot or does it just go to the first person on the waitlist?

looking for a room
need a room ASAP for me and two little dogs  anyone know of anything????

For international students: 7 Essentials When You’re Talking to a Valley Girl (or Guy)
[removed]

Selling basketball ticket vs Arizona


willing to pay for a slot in chem 153c, please hmu if you’re planning to drop it


Need PIC16A!
[removed]

Motorcycle Theft in front of Levering Terrace - looking for info
Hi everyone, my motorcycle (white 2017 Kawasaki Z650 pictured above) was stolen between yesterday at 1:53PM and today at 11AM where it was parked in front of Levering Terrace at that little stop sign intersection between Gayley Heights and Chevron. It's probably been scrapped for parts or sent to a new ZIP code by now, but I thought it would still be helpful for my police report to ask if anyone here saw someone taking a white motorcycle from there between the times listed. I know a lot of other motorcyclists park there, so be careful y'all and hold your loved things close 😭😭😭

Who is Moon, S.
I’m gonna take Earth, Planetary, and Space Sciences 13- natural disasters and the prof is Moon S. I can’t seem to find her on Bruinwalk and was wondering if she’s good or not …

Buying Ling 1 Spot
[removed]

anybody ever quit the TCAB volunteer program before
i want to quit the program but Im worried quitting might compromise any possible future job opportunities at cedars sinai.   I’m just worried that if i try to apply to positions in the hospital in the future, they would see that I quit TCAB since I’m already in the system and they would b less likely to hire me :(

Does Anderson Cafe Take Food Tickets?
title :)

LS23 L
Do people tend to drop this class?? All 800 something spots are full.

pic 10a waitlist
for pic 10a are the people on the waitlist normally enrolled after the second week? if not are spots likely to open up when the new quarter starts?

How hard to get are single rooms
Does anyone know how fast the single apartment and single dorms were claimed last year, or which day of early RSU they ran out on? I'm anxious I won't be able to get a single room.

Sexual Behavior Survey (18+)
[removed]

What is Chinese 2?
I want to take Chinese 3 to fulfill my language req but it says Chin 2 is a requisite. I can’t even seem to find Chinese 2 as a class. I am so confused

Is anyone interested in switching discussion sections for Chem 14B for spring quarter?
I have a bit of a schedule conflict with my chem 14B discussion on Thursday at 9 am. If you are interested to switch, pm me. Thank you

im tired of these wooden forks
dont we have a deforestation problem or something? i want my plastic fork back

Ethnmus 5 with Rees?
Has anyone taken this class and do they recommend it. The reviews on bruinwalk for this professor are pretty bad so just wondering if anyone else has any opinions!

Urgent! Re-let Studio Apartment near UCLA
[removed]

Ice blocking?
I have never done this before but I want to try. Where can we get the ice blocks?

Has anyone had a class with Kelly Nicole Fong (Asian American Studies)?
Any advice or tips would be greatly appreciated! Thank you

7A, B, C, 23L Material
[removed]

Selling Jhoomti Shaam Afterparty ticket + Bus Pass
[removed]

Can you study abroad in summer as a graduating senior?
If you’re planning on graduating in spring, can you still study abroad in summer? I mean I know you can still take classes at UCLA but idk if study abroad would have different rules

Econ 5 with Prof Osei Twumasi
I was wondering if anyone has taken this class recently since there are some bad reviews on bruinwalk but they're from 2 years ago.

Can someone pls tell me if their family said they aren't coming to the main commencement only departmental?
Are they being cheap/ weird? Because they dont wanna pay for 3 night hotels if they had to be here both on 16th and 18th. For context, we're not a struggling family, they do have the means to pay for 3 night hotels

First time I’ve seen day permits at parking structure 4 sold out??
I got a space but now I have to move be late for class and pay hourly tf 😭

Trading Psych 135 for some other class you’d want to trade
I’m looking for any class that’s considered an easy upper division or any psych class that’s not too demanding

Which GE to take?
Japan 80 or Classics 20 with Vasquez. Which is a lighter workload?

Hey Everyone! I’m from Cherry Pop Records, the first student-run record label at UCLA. We are having our very first house show THIS SATURDAY (March 4th @ 8:30pm) at Theta Xi. It will feature local artists and bands: The Band Called Sex, Club Kona, Old Growth, Katrina Weissman, and more:)


Scooters...


taking physics1a without first completing math31b
is it doable? in class planner it says that’s a D- in math31b is a prerequisite yet it still let me enroll. for reference i will be taking math31b next quarter as well &amp; was wondering if you really need it completed ahead of time.

CLASSICS 47 medical terminology
[removed]

nice motivational video if you are struggling with classes. keep going smart people ⭐️


Anybody w/ a den pass not using it for Saturday's mens basketball game?
Looking to buy tickets for Saturday's game! Pls message and lmk :)

For the psychology/psychobiology majors
Is it a good idea to take psych 100a, psych 110 and psych 115 together for next quarter? thanksss

Some advice for a struggling freshman
Hey! I am a CS major freshman and i think i need some advice from some wiser people. So basically when i started my UCLA journey i tried studying the same way as in high school.  My first quarter here (summer) i stressed myself out so much with the grades and work that i did not relax even for a day and only because of that got all A’s for all 3 classes.  My second quarter i also took 3 classes but i was so burnt out and tired from summer + the TA strike made + i got supper sick for 2 weeks that i did not do well at all. I got an A, a B, and a C 😅 This quarter I decided to get my game up, spend time on studying and getting better mental health. At the beginning of the quarter i was doing fine but by the second half it became harder and harder to balance it all out. I am afraid i might not get A’s this time either.   And while as a CS major i don’t care that much about GPA, I care a lot about actually learning the stuff.   It seems like you guys kind of figured it out. Please dump a bunch of advice on me here: how to balance things, maybe some note taking tips, anything that you learnt from experience.  If you guys have some words of encouragement i would appreciate that too as my self esteem rn is lower than my gardes 😅

Should I email the department of professor for a PTE?
I wanted to enroll in a class that's full, should I email the professor or department (anthropology) for a PTE? I can't enroll in it until spring quarter starts so should I email now or closer to when the quarter starts? Thanks!

How do class waitlists work?
If I enroll into a class waitlist, will I be automatically enrolled if someone drops the class or will I have to manually enroll into a class if a space opens up?

chances of enrolling in math 33b
[removed]

chances of getting into math 33b
[removed]

Easy A upper division electives open for Spring23 ?


Is there any way of changing grading to p/np at this point of the quarter?


Anthro 1 Wood Final
I’m taking anthro 1 with Brian wood this quarter and bombed the midterm so I rlly need help on the final😭 does anyone who took him have any tips or anything? I cant even find old finals from his class to study off of

math 170e seat
[removed]

Math 170e
[removed]

How to know body fat %
I was wondering if there’s a place on campus, Idk if wooden has this, but somewhere someone can help me measure body fat percentage and other health and physical things?

Need PIC 16A!
[removed]

math 170e spot avail
[removed]

View From Hedrick Hall


How do so many students here have a 3.9+ gpa despite partying all the time?
Like how?

“enrollment open to any junior/senior beginning march 1st”
what time is this? tmrw at 8am? tonight at midnight? help 😭🙏

Last minute RSU Group (M)
Anyone down for a last minute RSU group, have 3:30pm time on the 6th for Early RSU. Going to be going for a Singles Pod in Hedrick Summit. DM me fast af if interested.

I’ll give anyone $$ for 1B w Hauser


(M) Looking for roommate
While I was (and I suppose still am) heavily after a single, I am now looking for a double as a backup and would love if anyone in the same boat would reach out :)  Best of luck to everyone looking for housing this year!

Psych 134K w/ Goff
willing to pay for a spot in psych 134K with goff for spring quarterrr (even if it’s waitlist) pls message me so we can negotiate :D

INCOMPLETE GRADE
Soooo I didn’t complete my midterm on time for a course I took for my major last quarter…the professor allowed me to submit my midterm late…but my final grade in MyUCLA is still INCOMPLETE and has been for weeks. I have reached out to the same Professor to see if they’ve graded and received my midterm but I haven’t heard anything back!! What should I do??

Looking for roommates (female)
Hi! I’m a rising junior looking for a roommate in an off-campus 1 or 2 bedroom apartment. I’m mostly quiet, clean and just mind my own business. PM if interested to discuss living preferences :)

Stats 13 for Ling 1
Pm me if you have stats 13 and would like to switch it for ling 1!

Anyone know any students working on a startup on campus?
[removed]

Tour Rieber Terrace Room
[removed]

Best on-campus jobs
I crowdsourced some of the best on-campus jobs (especially ones with downtime where you can get some homework done). Check them out:  * Try a remote internship. [This one](https://airtable.com/shrKGKc5ia9vHGSOH) looks pretty cool. * Work at [the computer store](https://www.asucla.ucla.edu/get-a-job/?gnk=job&amp;gni=8a7887a869dbe69c016a0333683431c8&amp;lang=en). * Student Union event staff [job](https://www.asucla.ucla.edu/get-a-job/?gnk=job&amp;gni=8a78879f789e32780178ebc656146321&amp;lang=en). * Help with course reader [customer service](https://www.asucla.ucla.edu/get-a-job/?gnk=job&amp;gni=8a7885ac80f16ab30180fce50fed5544&amp;lang=en) (full time). * Work at dorm community centers, libraries, or welcome desks * [Mailroom job](https://www.asucla.ucla.edu/get-a-job/?gnk=job&amp;gni=8a7885ac8604caea018604e4e4ba036f&amp;lang=en)

Hold GE
Is anyone able to hold a 5 unit GE for me? It’s over my unit cap so I’ll need to get it next quarter. Thank you! I can trade swipes if anyone would like :)

willing to hold up to 4 units
swipes or $ are good

is this legit? can’t tell


is anyone doing tcab this coming qtr who wants to carpool?
i’m Tuesday 9-1!! but hopefully we can all find carpools/rideshares :)

Den Pass ticket to ASU game
I'm looking for an extra Den Pass ticket to basketball game vs Arizona State on Thursday, is there anyone who can't go and is looking to get rid of their ticket? DM me for details, thanks!

Den Pass ticket to ASU game
[removed]

GO OUT AND HAVE AN AWKWARD CONVERSATION
[removed]

c sesh
hi everyone i was planning to live in a frat for c-sesh, but would like to know if anyone has a rough estimate for the cost? also for room mates can i go random?

Is there WiFi on the grass by Jan’s steps?
Gonna do some good ol’ computer work 😎

Physics 5A Winter 2023
For anyone in Huang’s physics 5A this winter quarter 2023, what resources are good to use to study for midterm 2 on Friday 3/3? I failed the last term because I didn’t really study the right material. Lmk any tips/ resources plsssss, I’ve looked at his slides but they are very vague so I am not getting anything out them so lmk😅

Market Research Survey
[removed]

Everyone’s stats for UCLA transfer 2023


Looking for 1 more Roommate (2bd/4ppl)
Heyyy, is anyone still looking for a roommate? Looking for one more to fill in a group of 2bd/4ppl (university housing) !!! :)))

Selling electric skateboard at discount
[removed]

Will pay for spot in Physics 5C!!
DM if your thinking about dropping pleaseee😭

Need one more person for 4p/4bed RSU (F)
Its pretty last minute, but my group is looking for one more person for a 4 person/4 bed apartment. We all like to keep common areas clean and are pretty quiet. If you're interested please reach out!

NEED PHYSICS 5C(WILL PAY $$$$)
[removed]

Is there any junior or senior stat student?
Can I ask something about course plan and course?

Housing Question
[removed]

2bd/4ppl group join request
Hi everyone! I was wondering if anyone is looking for one person to join their roommate group for the university housing! I am an upcoming senior, so it would be great if I could join the senior roommate group.  I am fairly clean and during the week I study most of the times :)

how fast do single dorms run out?
hi!! i’m trying to get a single dorm and want to gauge my chances of grabbing one. i’m in early rsu and my group’s time is on march 6th at 3:30. do singles usually run out by then or is there still a chance? thanks!

Housing question
[removed]

How do you avoid being seen as a “creepy weirdo” by others?


Psyc 10 Sur vey
[removed]

Why do so many people who defend Greek life attack you if you got rejected during rush?
Like I listened to you guys when you said Greek life was a great way to make friends, so I tried to join. Then you guys decided to reject me because you didn’t like me for whatever reason and called me a weirdo and loser. Why are they so mean?

I have a hard time accepting I will never get into grad school
My GPA is too low and I have no research experience. Those are both things that can’t be fixed within my last year of college. I guess it is my fault for wasting my time here. It fucking sucks I was given a once in a lifetime opportunity and blew it. Most people can only dream of going to ucla, yet I screwed it up badly

Musicology 1
What is this class ? Is it easy ? What is the workload like ?

Gender Inclusivity at Wooden
In regard to pick-up games, do most girls feel like they’re fairly treated on the courts? As in being picked to play or even when you do get to play, do others pass to you or give you the opportunity to shoot?   I feel like a majority of the time, dudes either look through me or get ridiculously frustrated at mistakes that everyone tends to make…

RSU GROUP SINGLE PODS ON CAMPUS (F)
hi, both of my original rsu group plans fell through so im searching for another girl that has an early sign-up time on march 6th, preferably between 8-10am that also wants a single room on campus! we have 4 girls in the group right now.  thank u so much! \~

Need to tell my girlfriend about my fart fetish - how?
Every time my girlfriend farts, I get really aroused. ive been aroused by farts all my life, even as a kid. sometimes my own farts give me a massive hard on. I need to tell her this but I dont know how to even approach it. anyone got experience in this department? any girls here with fart fetish boyfriend lovers?

rsu group (f)
hi guys, i made posts about this a while ago but 2 of my original rsu groups fell through (literally the day before group sign-ups close) but im still gonna post:  im in a group of 4 girls looking for single pods on campus next year looking for another girl that has an early sign-up time on march 6th, preferably between 8-10am.  thank u so much! \~

Summer sublease for a studio
[deleted]

Dance classes at UCLA (ballet/post modern)
Do you need to have experience in dancing to do well in classes like Dance 13 or Dance 15? I don't have much experience so does that have any sort of impact?

vegetarian RSU group (F)
please dm if you’re vegetarian and either looking for more people to join your group or interested in starting one for the university apartments :)

Anyone doing a summer session UCEAP or UCLA Travel Study in Europe?
Thought it could be cool to make a groupchat of Bruins in Europe so we could potentially visit each other’s country abroad without having to pay for housing.

Will Pay $$$ for Spot in LS107
Willing to pay $$$ for a spot in Ls107, DM if interested

CESC 50XP Engaging Los Angeles Class
Is lecture attendance mandatory for this class?

Hi my roommate group (F) is looking for 1 or two people to join our roommate group for a 4 p/6 bd or 6 p/3 bd and we have a early rsu time (8:15 am on 3/6). DM if interested and to see whether or not we would be a good fit!


Physics 5B lecture switch Spring 2023
[removed]

RSU 4/4 Looking for 1 More
We have a group of 3 girls and we're looking for 1 more to get a 4/4! Our RSU time is at 12pm on 3/6, so preferably would like someone with an earlier time. We're very chill and clean, ok w drinking but not smoking in the apt! if you want to know more abt us/living style feel free to pm too :)

if i waived ucship, am i still available for appointments and stuff at the ashe center?
ive been feeling fatigued recently and want to get it checked out, but im not sure if i can make an appointment with the ashe center since i don't have ucship. will they still help me out?

PhySci 5 with Esdin
Is this an easy class? What is the workload like ?

Tax filing/Form 8843 for international students
Hi I’m an international freshman and received an email abt tax filing from the Dashew Center. I thought if u dont work (receive no income) then u dont have to do anything.   But in the email, it says, “It’s important to be aware that, as a nonresident student in the US, you’re legally required to file a tax return if you received US income during 2022. Even if you didn’t work or receive income in the US, you’re still obliged to file a Form 8843 with the IRS.”  So im a lil confused. If i dont work do i still have to file the Form 8843?   Any international upperclassmen can help me w this?   Thank you so so much!!!

HOW DO I GET PUT OF THE GENDER INCLUSIVE HOUSING RSU APPLICATION???
Hi! Im a complete idiot and didnt check if my roommate for next year applied for gender inclusive housing (because i didn’t think saying yes to that would be a big deal). How do I get out of it so I can add her to my roommate group and have the roommate I want next year?

2 girls 1 boy looking for a 4th person for 4bed/4person apartment
we’re a gender inclusive group with a 9:45 RSU time! we had someone leave super last second, pm if interested

Den Pass ticket for ASU game
[removed]

Exchange COMPTNG 40A for my spot in 20A
Had to move things around in my schedule and can't take COMPTNG 20A anymore. Hoping to get COMPTNG 40A, but feel free to DM if you just want the spot in 20A :&gt;

Yaqui Indigenous @ UCLA
Is anyone Indigenous Yaqui at UCLA? I’ve only met 2 people and AISA feels sorta non-existent…looking for my peeps! hmu

Travel Study-Paris Summer 2023 History: Medieval to Modern Paris
Is anyone doing this travel study over the summer?

I’m enrolled in Anthro 1 for spring but I’m dropping it, willing to sell my spot to anyone interested


Looking for a 4th Female to fill our RSU Group (2bd/4person)
Hello, currently looking for one female roommate to join our group! We are aiming for a 2bd/4prsn apartment. We are fine with someone who drinks/smokes, as long as they don’t smoke in the apartment. We would also like someone who is fairly consistent in cleaning, that is making sure that their dishes don’t pile up and contributing to the cleanliness of the overall apartment on a consistent basis/to the same extent as everyone else. Our early RSU signup is March 6th at 10:45 AM. Let us know if you are interested.

How can I enroll in math 170e
Why discussion section has been closed

Professor Rachel Ketai Engcomp 3D
I can’t seem to find any reviews about this professor. How is her grading like? Her instruction?

Guani Wu 102a curve
For anyone who’s taken Wu for 102a, did he curve the class? Scores for the midterm are rough.

Rsu
I’m the leader of my RSU group but my group mate has an earlier rsu time. Can she pick the housing instead? Do I transfer leadership?

I can’t get over rejection
 I am a junior right now, and I still can’t over it. I rushed like 15 different chapters in my freshman, sophomore, and junior year, and I never gotten a single bid. People tell me it is no big deal if you can’t make it into a frat, and then turn around and talk about how Greek life was great for making friends and developing connections.   It also hurts when people say joining a frat is easy or whatever at this school, yet clearly that wasn’t the case for me when I got rejected by 15 different chapters. It makes me feel worthless and as if there is something wrong with me

Earlier RSU time
Heya, my group is looking to join anyones group who has an RSU time earlier than 12. We would like a 4x4 ideally. Would be much appreciated.

MAE 103
Has anyone here taken MAE 103 w Kavehpour? I think I lowkey might have failed the second midterm and I know he doesn’t curve so if anyone has had a similar experience any advice would be greatly appreciated 😅

Anybody selling a Den Pass ticket to the ASU game?
[removed]

Where can I get assistance filling out FAFSA?
Is there such thing as a financial advising office on campus?

Hist 8C w/ Perez-Montesinos
Has anyone taken Hist 8c with Professor Fernando Perez-Montesinos? I want an interesting, but easy GE for spring quarter. Also, you don't have to take the previous Hist 8 classes for this one right?

Sharing My RSU Time
Hello, this is very last minute but if anyone would like to join my RSU group to use my RSU time of 8:15 am, then DM me.  I am looking at Westwood Palm specifically, and I think I can only add males to my group because I am not doing gender inclusive housing.

Can Somebody Please explain to me the situation with Math 170E''s enrollement
OMG enrollment for this Math class is a pain, how are they just opening spots at like 3 am, and does anybody have any clarity on the probability of getting in the class and how waitlists work in the math department if they open new discussion sections.

buying lunch swipe tomorrow at deneve. thx


Are there any 1 unit upper div classes?


Looking for roommate or RSU group (F) deluxe double/triple
 Hi! last minute looking to make an RSU group to try and get a deluxe double/triple. DM if interested!

rsu group 4bd/4p
does anyone want to form an rsu group so we can get better enrollment time (we do not have to be roommates)?

Housing contract termination for spring quarter
I am currently having a winter-spring housing contract. Becuz of unmatching vibes with the roommates (Also they smoke a lot, but I have asthma), I am consider terminating my contract and move to off-campus apartment. If I wish to terminate my contract for the whole spring quarter, I simply have to pay the $400 termination fee right? or I have to pay for the spring quarter housing rate too??

girl looking for single pod or double
hi! i’m a current second year girl looking to join a singles pod for next year, preferably in a plaza but down for whatever, or a double plaza. I love going on hikes, visiting museums, seeing concerts, studying at cafes, running to different places in LA, and finding good food and chai lattes! i also enjoy thrifting, painting, and reading. i’m clean and respectful of shared space. please reach out if interested!

How do I survive my lame duck or fourth year?
I am a third year now and did nothing in the past three years. I got rejected from all clubs and opportunities I tried to applied to. The sad thing is that I will be a lame duck next year, so I am powerless to fix my life. No club or frat will take me. It is too late to get research experience. Most fourth year friend groups are lock and closed. It is too late to get internships. I can’t go to grad school. I can’t do anything besides sitting and watch everyone else have a good life   It is over. It just hurts because UCLA could have been a life changing opportunity for me, but it wasn’t

Easy Upperdivs for Spring
Unfortunately, I'm in an impacted major and all classes are clashing with my major class at 12:30 pm, does anyone know of any easy upper divs that are still open for spring?

Selling Basketball tickets
[removed]

Has anyone ever managed to add one (1) unit to their course total this late into the quarter? 😭
I fear that I may have put myself in this position....

2bd/ 4p UA (F) Looking for 2 more ppl
Hey y’all! We know this is super last minute but my friend and I are trying to find 2 more girls that would wanna join our RSU group😭  A little bit about us &amp; our preferences  -we are both rising juniors  -I’m a communications/ IDS double major  -I go to the gym everyday, love fitness in general, like to watch tv shows -she is an aerospace engineering major  -my friend likes reading, watching movies, LOVES to bake for everyone ;) and cooks - we go to bed from anytime around 11pm- 1am &amp; wake up 7am-10am depending on our school schedule  -we don’t mind if y’all smoke or drink, we occasionally go out too so looking for ppl who are ok with that ! -everyone cleans up after themselves   Please PM us if you’re interested or have any other questions :) (asap bc it’s due tomorrow lol)

Looking to switch physics 5c lectures
I have rhombes lecture 1 at 10am. Looking to switch into Schriver’s 2pm lecture due to a schedule conflict! Will pay

I wasted my time at UCLA and damaged my future
I am a third year now and did nothing in the past three years. I got rejected from all clubs and opportunities I tried to applied to. The sad thing is that I will be a lame duck next year, so I am powerless to fix my life. It is over. It just hurts because UCLA could have been a life changing opportunity for me, but it wasn’t

Looking to switch physics 5c lectures


Looking to Join/Create RSU Group (F)
[removed]

Waitlisted in Spanish 1 and Psych 100A
What are the chances I will get off the waitlist?

Advice for incoming graduate students
You dont have to work in a lab inside your field. For example i am getting a phd in mechanical engineering and i work in a civil engineering lab. I knew mathematicians that worked in material science labs and chemists who worked in physics labs. I didnt know this when i started. Keep this in mind when looking for advisors.

Hold Philos 6
Can somebody hold a spot for me in Philos 6?

Why are people at this school is so unfriendly?


what happens if someone in my RSU group becomes an RA
me and a friend were thinking of rooming together but he's doing RA applications and I wanna know what will happen if we make a group and he becomes an RA

How do so many people at this balance having a 3.9+ gpa and having a good social life?
[removed]

Looking for people to join/create an RSU Group (F)
[removed]

Looking for a 4th roommate for off-campus apartments
Hi!  We are three girls looking for a fourth roommate for our 2Bed/2Bath apartment on Landfair. The apartment is fairly spacious, with lots of natural light. The rent would be approximately $850! Please dm if anyone’s interested and would like more information!

I’ll PAY you for your Physics 5C Lec 2 Spot!!!
Please message me the discussion and lab section you’re enrolled in as well as the amount you’d consider giving it up for.

LS 107 with Pham
[removed]

someone hold 23L for me😭 willing to pay
message me if you can!!!! i have my enrollment at 6:30 pm so it won’t be too long😓

Easy CS Electives?
Other than cs161 and cs174A

Physics 5B
If anyone is considering dropping 5B lecture 1 or 2, let me know

Dropping LS 107???
[removed]

Math 180 with Robichaux
Considering taking a class with Colleen Robichaux next quarter. I think this was her first quarter teaching at UCLA—for anyone who took Math 180 with her, how was it? She worth taking?

Art Hist 23
Has anyone taken this class? Hows the workload? The professor is Chowdhury, Z.

any experiences with the chem 14d waitlist?
title :/

ETHNMUS 5 - Music Around World
Has anyone taken this class before with any professor? The professor spring 2023 is Helen Rees. How's the workload?

Looking for roommate for RSU group (M)
Hi! Really last minute, but I’m looking to join an RSU group to try and get a plaza double or deluxe double. DM if interested!

Physics 5c
[removed]

Easy ECE Elective?
I’m a CSE major looking for an ece elective that has only ECE 3, and 102 as pre reqs

is there a groupme/discord for math32a with richard wong?


easy social analysis GE?


Still looking for people to share my early RSU time with!
My RSU time is at 10:15 am on 3/6. I am specifically looking at glenrock, glenrock West, and Westwood palm. Message me if you’re interested!

Unpopular Opinion: People (#MeToo) ride birds on the sidewalk because they don’t respect you.


Is English 4W restricted to English majors/minors?
Want to take it for writing 2 but I can’t because there’s an enrollment restriction placed on it.

Apartment Advice for Everyone Looking to Live Off-Campus! - Reposting Since the Original Link Broke


Advice for Language Requirement
I'm running out of time to do the 3rd level of a language for a language requirement. My current plan is to go to a community college and try to place into level 3 Spanish, Chinese, or French, but if that doesn't work out due to issues like requirement to complete last 40-something units at UCLA, what could I take at UCLA that is easy (and preferably fast)? I have already tried and dropped a Korean language class because I was terribly slow at recognizing the alphabet and when I learned that Korean 3 would be far harder.

Did I cheat
[removed]

How can I find UCLA students in need of tutoring, editing, and writing services? I no longer live in LA but am available remotely. It was something I did for and enjoyed for years in helping other undergrads when I was one too. Any tips on where to find students nowadays to advertise my services?
Hey all, grew up in LA, miss the sunshine a lot where I am living now as a grad student in Europe. I still do this work here and there via Zoom as I now have 5+ years experience helping students sharpen up their writing, analytical, and communication skills while they are taking various courses in the social sciences, humanities, etc. (I do not tutor for math or physical sciences, but mostly have helped with everything else). I used to find my clients via [Care.com](https://Care.com) as parents would list there, but it makes more sense to reach out to the groups directly. So where would it be best to let students know this online? I'm also not really active on social media either, so I was thinking here, FB groups, but what else?  I also enjoyed just reading people's work and offering free editing suggestions whenever I had the time so I could help students along the way.   When I tutored other students it was through word of mouth and people sharing my information around. **Any leads you guys, please? Feel free to message me as well if I may be of help. I've had some new life expenses come up with a recent move, so it's time to get back to work for me.**   Also, if you're reading this, I'd be happy to help anyone in need of it with a look-over for some free editing suggestions or insights if you're struggling with something written right now but are not looking for paid services.   I know it's the age of GPT-3, but we have not been taken over by the robot overlords yet - that's because what it cannot do right now (still) is produce the cohesive, clear, and concise points necessary for substantive academic work on par to top scoring human produced work that gets the As/top grades. Just as importantly than that, I want to work with students 1on1 to help them with their personal and professional goals as they develop their pathways.

Free Dinner with Chancellor Gene Block March 3rd at Hillel!
[removed]

Biochem 153A spots?
I just checked biochem and all of a sudden like 60 seats opened and it went from overenrolled to 300/360 enrolled. wtf just happened?

Early RSU (F)
[removed]

Premed Major
Right now I’m pre-HBS, and I was wondering if it’d be better to just switch to something like MCDB or Cog Sci? The reasoning being: I’ve gotten 50 ppl asking what Human Biology and Society even is, and that means adcoms won’t exactly know either. I chose it because the description sounded so interesting but the title of the major itself is just not revealing. Plus it has so many prereq classes, and I feel like at this point it might be better to just choose something that explicitly says better what it’s about. I know it’s not a big difference in med school admissions, I’m also just tired of having to explain.

Free Dinner with Chancellor Gene Block on March 3rd!
[removed]

does ENGCOMP3D satisfy the prerequisite for writing 2 classes?
it shows that ENGCOMP3 is the prerequisite for the writing 2 classes I'm looking at, but I'm scheduled to take ENGCOMP3D in the spring. will this work? or should i drop it and try to get into an engcomp3 class? does anyone have any experience with this?

Pay for math 170E
Hi, if you are planning to drop Math 170E plz message me. Willing to pay a good amount.

Research Opportunities for students from other UCs?
Wassup guys!   I’m a current UCR student but live pretty close to UCLA. I was wondering if students from other UCs could apply for summer research, as it’s easier for me to get to UCLA than drive the hour to riverside to conduct research there. What opportunities would I have, if any?

looking for an earlier rsu gayley towers
does anybody have a rsu time earlier than 3/6 at 4 pm and wants to live in gayley towers? if so, can my roommate and i join ur group?

Arizona Men’s Basketball ticket
[removed]

Looking for roommates for UA either 2bd/ 4p or 3bd/ 6p (F)
Hi! My roommate and I want to live in a double university apartment and we’re looking for people to join our RSU. We’re down for pretty much any double UA there is like gayley or glenrock.  We’re both rising juniors and STEM majors. We don’t mind living with ppl who drink/smoke 😍 but plz no smoking in the apartment! We wake up around 9-10 and sleep around 12-2, depending on the day and our class schedules. We’d prefer clean-ish roommates. At least in the shared spaces - not leaving dishes out more than a day and cleaning up messes before they get too big.   DM if you’re interested :3

Introduction to Ethical Theory Question
Does anyone have any experience with the course: Introduction to Ethical Theory, taught by Prof. Janelle DeWitt?  The Bruin walk isn’t that updated (since 2021)  But how was she was as an instructor, how were the exams/essays, and how was the class overall?  Thanks !

PHYSICS 5A REALLY NEED IT
ilI really need Physics 5A next quarter. If there is any possibility you do not need it can I please have the spot. :) thank you so much

Is anyone looking for a roommate for RSU?
Hi, I’m currently looking to join an RSU group for either a 4bedroom/8person or a 3bedroom/6person. I am currently a rising senior projected to finish my sociology degree by winter quarter of 2024.  DM me if you are looking for an extra person to join your group and see if we have similar lifestyles.

how the hell do you get to the 3rd floor in the mathematical sciences building
i literally do not know how LMAO pls someone help I have a discussion there next quarter

wöödën
wooden music got me kranky kranky

beyond wonderland 2 day pass
[removed]

USIE courses being taught next quarter!
Just wanted to advertise the USIE seminars being taught next Spring quarter. These are super cool one-unit courses and they-re enrolling now.   Here are some of the classes that are still open:  * ANTHRO 88S - Ecology of Love  * ASIAN 88S - Survey of Mandopop * COMM 88S - Instagram and Influencers * MSCLG 88S - International Sounds of 60s &amp; 70s * PSYCTRY 88S - Music, Movement, and Dance Therapy on Neurodevelopmental Disorders  Hope to see y'all there :)

Looking for one girl to join our group for a 4bd/4ppl or 2bd/3ppl!
**Preferably someone with an early RSU before 12pm on 3/6!**      My roommates and I need one more girl to join our RSU group. Here’s some info about us:     - Sleep between 11pm-1am     - Wake up between 8am-11am     - Would prefer you to ask before late night guests     - Would like if the apartment could be relatively quiet in the morning and night (like before 9am and after 10:30pm)     - We don’t smoke but don’t mind if you do as long as you don’t do it in the apartment     - We drink but not really in the apartment (it’s okay if you do tho)   - We would like someone who is okay with our boyfriends coming over sometimes (but they won’t spend the night)      - Keep the common area in the apartment decently clean           DM me if you’re interested!

anyone dropping psych 100a? (willing to swap with chem 14a or pay)
willing to swap with chem 14a -- if you don't need to swap, will pay!!

Library #4 - Rosenfeld @ Anderson


Physics 5c swap
Currently enrolled in physics 5C for this spring: the 2pm Lec 2 with Jiang, lab G17, dis2E. Looking to swap with any other profs/slots, open to most as this conflicts with my schedule. Pm me! 🌱✨

random roommates
im gonna be a 4th year next yr and am gonna have my first random roommate n im so anxious about it ive been having insomnia. ive had good roommate experiences so far n i truly dont think i could cope w not getting along with my roommate but i dont rlly have a choice. any advice?

looking for early rsu group willing to add 4 females
hi! i (20f) am looking for an early rsu group for me and my group of female friends! we ideally want to live in a 2bd/4ppl or a 3bd/6ppl apartment at landfair vista! if LV isn’t available, we’re open to any other apartment building with 2bd/4ppl configurations!  if anyone with an early rsu could kindly add my group, that would be wonderful! i will repay in coffee, boba, or homemade pastries i make 🫶

Spot in Physics 5b or 5C
I am willing to pay for spot in any lecture in either physics 5b or 5c, pm me.  Thanks

last min. rsu group for double suite
hi! looking to add a girl to my rsu group.   looking to stay in either hitch/saxon   my rsu timeslot is 3/6 at 10:30am  pls msg me if interested!

does anyone need psych 120a for next quarter (discussion 1E)
had enrolled for a friend but they didn’t end up needing it

Can anyone talk about what Econ103 actually is? Is it learning R or???
title, also if any exp w Ribeiro Antunes Pi/comments would be great

RSU Deluxe Double/Triple 2023
Hey guys! I’m a 4th year and I’m looking for roommates next year in the on-campus dorms! Message me if you’re interested and also looking for a deluxe double/triple for next year!

stats20
can anyone hold stats 20 for me just till tn I will pay 👍🏼👍🏼

3d modeling software
are there computers on campus with maya/blender installed? or are students allowed to install these programs? I’ve been learning 3d modeling but my PC is real old and finally met its end the other day so I can’t work on it anymore :( maya and blender don’t work great on macbooks either  tangentially related but are there 3d modeling or UX clubs on campus? I feel like I don’t see many outside of ACM

engl20w opinions
does anyone know anything abt 20w with torres or izsak

psych10
is anyone dropping psych10

Looking for a Roommate (F) For Early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double
Please hmu if interested!

Which is best- Glenrock, Glenrock West, or Westwood Palm?
I am deciding between these 3 buildings but I not sure which one to decide. I have made a pros and cons list for each building:   Glenrock:  Pros- newer, nicer looking, probably doesn’t smell as bad as the older buildings.  Cons- no A/C (but this isn’t a huge issue for me since I tend to run cold anyways. If I get too hot, I can just take a cold shower). Also do the apartments at Glenrock have garbage disposals? If not, this would be a con.   Glenrock West:   Pros- has A/C.  Cons- older building so there’s the issues that come with that (like smells, things functioning slowly). Also glenrock and glenrock West are on a hill so that would be a rough walk, but I could get used to it.   Westwood Palm:  Pros: Closest to campus, has A/C.  Cons: I heard about some mold there, which is concerning. But I’ve seen mold at Gayley Court (where I currently live) and I’ve been fine. It’s also a very old building so I am concerned about the functionality of it. But GC is also old and I’m fine there.    Also, what is the noise level like at each of these apartments late at night? What time does the noise die down on the weekends? Noise is an extremely important factor for me because I am a very light sleeper.

Looking for Female Roommate
Hi, we are 5 Latina STEM majors looking for one more roommate for a 6 person 2 bed in Gayley Heights !! DM ASAP if interested!!

Selling 1 Rolling Loud Wristband!
[removed]

Easy upper division isciences?
Right so I may have procrastinating on finding a third class for my second pass..does anybody know of any easy-ish classes are upperdiv and STEM-ish related? Im a bio major. Thanks.

Any Male RSU groups with an early RSU on 3/6 willing to add my RSU group of 4 people to theirs? I can offer swipes or pay.


Classic Triple dorm - lottery
Has anyone in the housing lottery applied for and received a housing offer for a classic triple or any dorms on the hill -- what type of dorm, if yes?  &amp;#x200B;  PLEASE REPLY IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THIS!! THANKS!!

Rsu
[removed]

Premed/Applying to med school
for those who are premed or applied/been accepted to med school, did you or are you planning to take Chem 153L? I know it may depend on the schools and their requirements, but did you still take it and did you think it helped with MCAT or conceptual understanding?

RSU group
If anyone has an RSU time earlier than 12pm and still wants to make a group, please drop a dm!

Physics 5B with Neimann
[removed]

Single Apartment
[removed]

Spring rush 2023
[deleted]

can anyone hold LS 23L for me!
can anyone hold 23L for me? it’s a 3 unit class and i have my enrollment today at 6:30pm! pls pls message me if u can!!!

I want to share my early RSU time!
My RSU time is on 3/6 at 10:15 am. As long as you’re a girl and you’re looking for an apartment at Glenrock, Glenrock West, or Westwood Palm, we can form a roommate group! Message me if you’re interested!

To everyone who’s had a shitty quarter
It’s me. I did it. Im the one who made your quarter shitty. I did all of it. I told your roommate to fart in their sleep so you would stay up, I told them to leave their stanky laundry out and throw their trash on the ground. I paid the professors to make your and only your midterm extra hard. I made bruinwalk a little slippery just so you could fall when it got wet. I spat in your sandwich from the study. All of those electric scooters on the sidewalk?  All me. I put every single one there so you would have to step over them. I punched the ucla servers so the internet would go down. I added an extra step so you would be a little more tired when you walked up the steps around campus. Why did I do it? Because it was funny. Look at you. You’re a little funny, dirty child. Dumbass. Get shat on. Get swindled. Dumbfounded lookin ass.

Hitch Cat
[removed]

Cozy cat


selling asucla tickets today 02/27/23
[removed]

Classic Single/Pod
Does anyone have an early RSU time (3/6 before 12) and is looking to get a classic single or single pod? (female) please PM!!

can anyone hold LS23L
can anyone hold LS23L for me😭 it’s a 3 unit class and i have my enrollment at 6:30 pm today! pls pls message me if you can!! willing to pay too

willing to pay for a spot in LS 107 or CHEM 14CL for spring quarter
please pm me if you are willing to give me your spot for $

hold a spot plsss
can anyone hold a spot for me in ece m148 msg me !!!!

dm if interested to buy meal swipes


Anyone want Psych 133g/ Psych 135?
I’m enrolled in both and I’m willing to exchange a class with someone message me if you’re interested in either.

Could someone hold two classes for me (9 units in all)
my enrollment is tomorrow morning but i know it's gonna fill up in time, two people holding a 5 then a 4 is fine too! thanks!

hold 153L please!
hi, would anyone please be able to hold Chem 153 L for a few hours until my enrollment at 1:30 pm today? Please let me know!! :)

Followup for individual interview RA position
I have an interview sometime tomorrow that I signed up for, but am unable to view my submission for the time I put nor did I get any followup email. Did anyone get some type of email regarding this?

I fucking hate my roommate
I hate this fucking dude. This fucker has zero self-awareness about the shit he does in this dorm. I'm in a triple and my other roommate also fucking hates this dude. This mf is always muttering about some dumb shit for his fantasy novel (which is so goddman cringe and cliche), is always in the fucking room cuz he has no social life, and is constantly playing games so its such a fucking distraction. Every time man I gotta tell this dude to knock it off and just be quiet, but this mf just continues this behavior. We always gotta tell this mf to take out the trash, clean up after himself, and so on. I'm just sick of living under the same roof as him and so is my roommate. We are just not compatible people to live with this fucking guy.   Shit got heated when I actually got our RA involved so this dude would actually just fucking listen, but fuck man I seriously cannot keep living with him. Even after our RA meeting, the dude is the same with the exception he isn't playing fucking games while on voice chat 24/7 anymore. He's quieter sure, but I cannot keep living with this dude and his shit habits. HE DOESN'T EVEN FUCKING WASH HIS HANDS PROPERLY. My roommate and I saw this fucker finishing taking a shit and NOT WASH HIS HANDS. Now this dude washes his hand WITHOUT  soap for 3 seconds ever since we called him out on that. I cannot man. I actually want to kick this dude out or move somewhere else with my other roommate.   BY THE WAY. When I actually did try to be diplomatic about our issues with each other, this mf tried guilt tripping me and telling me he's a fucking loner and how he finds it hard to integrate into me and my roommate's friend groups. Like bitch??? You're not entitled to that shit fuck off and I don't have any responsibility to help you go touch some fucking grass. He did it to himself by refusing to come with us to shit (when we were just getting to know each other), go to the floor events, or just anything involving talking to a human being. AND HE HAD THE AUDACITY TO TELL ME MY ROOMMATE AND I WE NEVER TRIED TO TALK TO HIM ABOUT HIS HOBBIES. Like bitch we literally TRIED to know you better, and you're the one who's shutting yourself from us, not the other way around.  I'm literally roommates with a NEET, God help me.

circuits help(ECE 100)
please if someone is good with circuits hmu

Need one more (female) roommate for a 4bd/4ppl
**Preferably someone with an early RSU before 12pm on 3/6!**      My roommates and I need one more girl to join our RSU group. Here’s some info about us:     - Sleep between 11pm-1am     - Wake up between 8am-11am     - Would prefer you to ask before late night guests     - Would like if the apartment could be relatively quiet in the morning and night (like before 9am and after 10:30pm)     - We don’t smoke but don’t mind if you do as long as you don’t do it in the apartment     - We drink but not really in the apartment (it’s okay if you do tho)   - We would like someone who is okay with our boyfriends coming over sometimes (but they won’t spend the night)      - Keep the common area in the apartment decently clean           DM me if you’re interested!

ipad charger
where can I get/use an iPad pro charger on campus?

Looking For A Female Roommate for Early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double
hmu if you're intrested!

Has anyone taken Geog 5 with Illes?
If you have taken this it could you pls pm me? I have some questions about the class? :,)

Admission cuts
Was anyone really surprised that they reduced admission for grad school? Like most of us TAs got a 500$ raise. Thats alot of money across all departments and thats just TAs GSRs and Post docs got a big raise too. This will cause less people to be hired. I mean this sucks cause my girlfriend was just denied admission for chem phd here but this reduction of admission was expected. Did nobody really see this coming?

What should I do?
Hey guys I got the last seat in one of my classes but the section is on a Friday, and I need a Tues/Thursday section. What should I do? Should I just wait until the quarter starts and ask the professor if I can switch sections?

Anthro 139 Spring 23
If anyone can swap sections for anthro 139 pls lmk!

Winter Quarter Club Recruitment, Student Activities, and other happenings Megathread - Week of February 27, 2023
Promote your group, activity, or event here. This megathread will be posted weekly so be sure to repost if you have updates and check the new threads to keep up to date. Be warned that comments with a lot of links are prone to being deleted by reddit's spam filter. If your comment isn't showing up, message the mods.

Looking for a Roommate (F) for Early RSU!- De Neve Plaza Double
Please message me if interested!

Looking for a Roommate (F) for Early RSU!
Please message if interested!

how likely is it that i’ll be dropped from a class for not having a prereq done?
specifically political economy of development (100+ ppl) and the only prereq is polisci 50

The Study: Sandwich Orders
What is your sandwich order for the study? I wanna try something new 🌝  Mine is: Sourdough bread (toasted), grilled chicken, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pesto sauce

Looking for Rsu group deluxe (F)!
Looking to form an rsu roommate group for a deluxe!  I have early rsu on March 6.

Rsu group deluxe (F)!
[removed]

Rsu group deluxe (F)!
Looking for an rsu group for a deluxe! I have rsu on 3/6.

Offering Neuroanatomy Notes, Psych 116A!
Did very well in Psych 116A last quarter with wong and I am offering my neuroanatomy notes for people to review for the exam!

Chances of getting a double as a current freshman with no RSU group?
unfortunately waited too late to really try and find people to room with, all my friends are rooming in sorority housing or are already in a group and the few people i reached out to on social media postings went with other options. at this point i’d rather choose my own room and have a random roommate rather than join some random person’s group since it at least worked out for me as a freshman. however i really want to be in a double again and idk if that’s possible with my main sign up time (march 9th 3:30 pm). does anyone who’s gone through the process before without creating a group before think there’d be at least a few openings for doubles at that point? or is this where i should start e-begging for anyone to join an RSU group? 😭

Will pay someone for a Math 170E spot for Spring
Title - dm if interested

Chances to get accepted to Entrepreneur Minor?
Hi,  I'm a Biz Econ major at UCLA and I'm considering applying to the Entrepreneur Minor also. If I meet the requirements, what are the chances I'll get accepted? Thank you for your comments.

Physics 1A final conflicts with CS 32 final, what do I do?
There’s only 1 lecture for cs (Smallbeg) and for some reason both lectures for physics (Kusenko) are having the final at the same day and time. Should I wait till the beginning of next quarter to talk to my professors about this? For the people who’ve had either of these profs in the past which one do you think would be more accommodating ?

DARS (Degree Audit Report) not working?
Page won’t load for me, it keeps crashing anyone else??

Physics 5A Lab Switch
[removed]

Physics 5A Lab Switch (spring 23)
[removed]

Physics 5A Lab Switch (Spring 23)
[removed]

Physics 5A Lab Switch (Spring 23)
[removed]

Physics 5A Lab Switch (Spring 23)
[removed]

salpicon calories
just curious, anybody got a calorie estimate for the salpicon acai bowls? or any other food truck menu? would be helpful for ppl calorie counting :0

Willing to pay for physics 5B or 5C!
Hi, I'm willing to pay for Physics 5B or physics 5C. If you're enrolled and interested, pls DM me! Thank you :)

Fake Medical Document
[removed]

Chances of admission as a Fall 2023 Applicant?
I applied as a data theory major for fall 2023 and I was curious if anyone could provide an insight on my chances of admission.  My stats:  - 4.0 GPA   - Many Extracurriculars (student government, vp of uc transfer club, part time job for 7 years, a hackathon, phi theta kappa, honors program)  - TAP   - Finishing major prep spring 2023  - Finishing IGETC summer 2023  - Peer reviewed essays (I think they’re solid)  Could anyone provide some insight on my chances?? Thanks!!

Can hold 7 units for cheap
PM for details. Junior status pre psychobio

Chem 14d Physics 5b Chem 153A Is this possible?
How manageable is this combination of classes?  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks

Would CHEM 14D, PSYCH 100B, and PSYCH 115 be doable?


Looking for a roommate group (Reiber Terrace) (F)
Hey I am looking to join a roommate group. Please pm me if you have an empty spot or are looking to form a roommate group for the upcoming school year. As the deadline is in two days please let me know fast.    Thank you

HE's SO Me
&amp;#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/lidwrvtg9oka1.png?width=868&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=4dccb438662f8a6c75d0c31ab1fafe7e3c21087c

Asian student who always sits by himself near rende
[removed]

Finding a Female Roommate for Olympic Hall
Hello! My roommate and I (currently freshmans) are looking for a third roomie (female) who would like to live in Olympic Hall next year! Our RSU is march 7th at 3:45pm!    We are hoping to find someone who would like to take the top bunk of the bunk bed! Our sleep schedule is that one person is from 12-9 on average and the other is later but will be respectful if someone is sleeping.   Pls message if you are interested!   Thanks so much!!!

will pay to switch profs for physics 5c with rombes or schriver
hi i’m enrolled in hamilton for 5c in the spring but would like to switch into rombes or schriver ! i will pay :)

Students Demand Action (anyone interested?)
Hi! I’m planning to start a Students Demand Action chapter at UCLA and am curious if anyone is interested in joining. For those who aren’t familiar, this is what it is…  Students Demand Action is a national grassroots volunteer initiative, created by and for teens and young adults, a network within Everytown for Gun Safety, to channel the energy and passion of high school and college-aged students into the fight against gun violence.  Not only does this look great on your resume and scholarship applications, but you get to make a difference in an important cause. Please let me know if you have any questions or are interested!

Asian guy who always sits by himself by rende and in the study???
[removed]

Chemistry PhD admission appeal
Is there a way to appeal a rejection from ucla for grad school?

beyond wonderland 2 day pass
[removed]

Anyone selling a spot in 5c


133g discussion
pls if you have a tuesday (2 or 3pm) discussion swap with my thursday (2pm) i’m begging

seeking 4/4 roommates for RSU
please pm if interested!

Stats 143 with Xu or Stats C183 with Christou?
We all love Christou but understand how much work his classes can be.. either one of these will be for my elective class, just looking to see which would be easier

Looking for two more for 4/4, RSU
We currently have 2 guys, looking for two more (either gender is fine)  We have a 11am 3/6 RSU time, would like a better time  Looking for any 4/4, but Tip&gt;laurel&gt;PV  About us: rising senior history majors night owls (midnight-2, wake-up around 8-10) Drink in common areas over the weekends, vape in our rooms/common area if cool with y'all, will vape outside if needed  Clean up after ourselves, but not clean freaks Lax and easy going   Heavily value no drama, we resolve issues early and respectfully Enjoy watching movies and tv shows in living room

job after graduate with Ling&amp;CS
**Does anyone know what kind of job they usually get after graduation? I wonder if there are any additional computer classes that I need to take.**

RSU plaza double reiber terrace
looking for female with early RSU (7th march or before) to join our roommate group.

Best time to go to the gym?
Wooden is always so packed and bfit is small so someone lmk the times to go cuz I want to workout in peace lol

can i enroll in a class if it says over enrolled but there are open discussion seats?


I hate Mondays
Can tomorrow just not come :(

SINGLE POD
Are there any upperclassmen looking for single pods next year? If you have an extra spot in your RSU group PM!! (FEMALE)

Roommate(s) for University Apartments (M)
Rising junior looking for a male roommate or two to share a 1b/3p university apartment next year.  I value cleanliness and organization, and I sleep around 11-12. No smoking.  DM me if interested.

Land fair vista noise level?
For people living in land fair vista how bad is the noise?

I can hold classes for cheap
11 units available - PM me and we can discuss

how to order a blood test @ ashe ??
i’m looking to get a blood test for vitamin D deficiency, does anyone know if this is something that Ashe does or is covered by UCSHIP? if so, how ? thanks

Looking for RSU group (F) for a 4b/4p
heyy im looking to join a 4b/4p apartment. if anyone has a group i can join with a morning RSU time on 03/06 pls dm me. im willing to pay!! i just really need a single.

mcdb 165a + 138
ended up with a not-so-great enrollment time and i may be stuck taking both mcdb 165a and 138 at the same time, along with a writing II... any ideas on how to balance this :,) ?

Trade EEB 170 Lab 1A for 1B
Is anyone that’s enrolled in EEB 170 for spring that’s in Lab 1A want to switch for 1B? Will pay :)

Trade EEB 170 Lab 1A for 1B
Is anyone that’s enrolled in EEB 170 for spring that’s in Lab 1A want to switch for 1B? Will pay :)

Looking for an early RSU time!! (Willing to pay)
Please PM if you're willing to share your RSU time with my room mates and i (4 total)

How many classes can you waitlist
Title. There are like 3 classes that I want to waitlist... is there some kind of limit lol

ENGAGE YOUR CHILD IN A SCIENTIFIC STUDY!
Are you a mother of a child aged 8 to 12? If so, you may be eligible to participate in our research study. Your participation can help us better understand different aspects of child development, youth mental health, and the parent-child relationship.  The study involves a visit to the University of California, Irvine where you and your child will complete interviews, questionnaires, provide saliva samples, and have your heart rate monitored. The session will last 2.5 to 3.5 hours, and participants can earn up to a total of $80.  Interested in participating? Submit an interest form by scanning the code on the [flyer](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15RWQ3Djl_3QI8UFkI9SKC8d6I3I9q_-r/view). For more information, you can contact us at [ucigrowingtogether@gmail.com](mailto:ucigrowingtogether@gmail.com) or (949) 445-3816.

Why did they hollow out my baguette at the study?


Willing to pay for early RSU time before 10am on 3/6! 4bd/4ppl female groups only
My roommates and I are willing to pay to join a group with an early rsu time before 10am that is looking to get a 4bd/4ppl apartment.     We wouldn’t be in the same unit as your group so you would basically be getting free money with no strings attached just for letting us join your group and putting us in our own 4bd/4ppl unit.     DM me to negotiate price!

Roommate for 2023-2024
Looking for girl roommate. I have early rsu

Roommate Search!
Hi! Me and my roommate are both looking for another female to join a deluxe triple with us next year. We’d like to live in sproul cove or landing. A little about us, we’re both 19, rising sophomores and pretty easy going! We’re both super respectful of each other’s boundaries and are open to communicating with each other. Please dm me if you’d like to get to know us!

hi everyone! In need of a parking spot on apartment side for spring quarter. Please let me know if you are subleasing a spot or know of someone who is!


looking to buy 2 dinner swipes for tonight
pm please :)

As an employee, how can I get a Windows Education activation key?
I’ve just built a PC and already installed Windows 11 education as the OS. I’m hoping to activate it with one of UCLA’s keys. Has anyone done this before? Thanks in advance!

Best matcha latte on campus?


Looking for someone to hold CS32
Will pay $10

Where to buy grad sash?
Are c/o 2023 grad sashes/stoles available for purchase? Where can I buy them? :) thanks in advance, I looked online for the sashes but I can only find the 2022 ones online

Need someone to make an early RSU Group to try and get a double (M)
[removed]

anthro 124S with Daniel Fessler
has anyone taken this class with this professor? i was wondering how the class is structured and how the assignments and exams are? are they online or in person? open notes? is he a good professor in general?

$125 for an early RSU (,:
hiiiii, if anyone with an early early rsu time (like 8:30am and above) is willing to add 3 people to ur group so we can get our preferred apartment we will pay 🙏🙏

Selling Billboard Women in Music tickets
[removed]

UCLA MBB has won the Pac 12!
First time since 2013!

Can you complete diversity, writing 2, and a ge requirement at the same time?
I am going to be in scan 50W for the summer, and I saw that it fulfills writing 2, diversity, and a ge. Do I get them all? Or do I have to pick one of them?

Anyone studying abroad in Fall looking for a subletter / person to trade off the lease with?
I'm studying abroad in the Spring semester so we can work something out!     I would prefer a studio or shared bedroom with someone clean / quiet.     I'm a third year male, Pm me

ucla grad photographers?
that time of year again!! if y’all have recs please lmk :)

why does my roommate insist on turning on every light in the apartment during the day
i know this doesn’t effect me so i can’t say anything but it ruins the vibe 😭😭 you’re telling me you can’t see anything in our kitchen that literally has a window in it??? turning on all 3 lamps so she can sit at the couch like girl 😭 let me enjoy my natural light

Sociology Recommendations?
Helloo, Idk what to take this quarter.  I think I mainly  need  electives  soo please let me know if u have any   class recs :-)))

can anyone hold ee biol 100 for me?
[removed]

Any groups looking for someone (M) to fill in a 2b/6p apt in Gayley Heights?
I'm a pretty clean person, keep my stuff on my side of the room, and I clean the kitchen after I use it. I like to sleep between 10 and 12, usually 11 to 1130. I like to wake up between 6 and 8 am. I am an engineering student so having other engineering students or at least STEM would be a plus. DM me if you're looking for someone to complete a group of 6.

super last minute RSU group for single pods (f)
hi everyone! tldr: all my housing plans fell through so I'm looking for either a group of girls or at least one girl who's looking to get a single suite for early RSU. I'm a 3rd year cog sci and I'm clean :) let me know !

Any den pass holders selling their ucla mbb ticket for Saturday, 3/4?
[removed]

Prepare yourselves
March is upon us and with it, weeks upon weeks of incoming student posts  mods, do your duty, sticky some megathreads

This time I think I'm actually done
[removed]

UCLA MS Bioengineering?
I just got accepted to UCLA's MS in bioengineering program and was wondering if any former/current students could give me some insight about what the program is like? Thank you:)

CAE accommodations for anxiety
Any have anxiety can share what CAE provides?

CS 32 w/ Smallberg (coming from CS 31 w/ Bruce)
Anyone had Bruce for CS 31 and then went on to CS 32 with Smallberg? If so, how was the transition?  The reason I ask this is cuz I feel I’m lowkey screwed with how little I’ve been taught so far with Bruce (literally spoonfeeds us with functions and it’s parameters for projects, tells us what exactly to do for projects, barely taught us any C++ library functions, etc)so I plan on spending 8 hours everyday for spring break actually learning C++.

male roommates
looking for male roommates for an off-campus apartment next year! PM if interested!

Opportunity to work for ex- adult entertainment star, Sasha Grey 💗 posted on Handshake lol


Subletting a parking space in 414 landfair, 3 mins walk to school starting today or spring
DM if interested

graduating and need easy class recs ):
sooo, im graduating in spring (yay), but idk much about classes outside my major (CCAS) and i need to fill units for spring. thinking about taking ccas m102 w escobedo, but theres zero reviews ab them online. if anyone has taken a class w them, can you fill me in on how they teach?   orrrrr  recommend any easy classes i can take ? lol. thank u (‘:

Renting a parking space in 414 landfair for 100 per month in spring, starting today
Dm me if interested, 3mins walk to school

how to survive on 69 swipes left I eat 3-4 times a day


Does anyone know anyone in apartments selling a parking spot?


Don't join this "Hack with a Pro" Hackathon advertisement - It's tied to a religious group with decades of abuse.
They're offering a free hackathon at one of their houses but they're just using it to get your numbers and a way to connect so they can try to get you to join their group. They'll teach you to code but they'll quickly transition to preaching about the importance of community in college and how their church offers a great community, it's manipulation, and false promises.  If you want to know more about the group look up r/GracepointChurch/  https://preview.redd.it/71ilucri8lka1.png?width=473&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=ef8ade3d5ea5703003a0a910506aa957d5a45b00

Rising junior f looking for deluxe triple or 2 bed 4 person apt
 about me: goes to bed between 12-2, no overnight guests (late night is ok just ask), no drinking/smoking (still like to go to a party occasionally), generally clean (my mess won’t go on your property). Fine with waking up/getting in the room whenever as long as you’re not loud. I’m super big on respecting space and opinions and looking for people who will listen to everyone’s concerns carefully :)  I would prefer to room with other future 3rd years, but not opposed to a rising 2nd year if life flips it that way.  For apts: Gayley Towers, Glenrock, Glenrock West, Landfair  For deluxes: Looking to snag a Sproul cove/landing spot (preferably a high floor cause of views). If cove/landing isn't available then my order is Gardenia, Olympic, then Centennial.  If you dm me please don't be wishy washy i've already had a few cancel last minute :(

Classic Triple need a third
hi we are 2 girls and we are looking for a third roommate in a classic triple :)

Looking to join a group (F) for 2b/6p - posting for a friend
Hey! I’m looking to join a RSU group preferably looking to live in the 2bed/6person Gayley Heights apartments for 2023-2024. I am a humanities/arts major and I usually sleep anywhere between 11:30-1, and I’m a clean/tidy person. DM me if you’re interested.  DM  @alabanaa on Reddit

Inner Wave Concert
[removed]

buying a swipe
buying a swipe for lunch, pm me please!! :)

Why the transact payment website for accepting graduate offer is down
I'm a bit confused. Am I the only person who even cannot open the link for paying the fee in order to accept my master program offer? Like literally every time I tried to click "pay and submit", the website just showned "This site is temporarily down for maintenance". And it has lasted for four days, I'm not whether it's nomral or not. Does anyone also meet the same problem?

UCLA Pharmacy/Ashe
If I hypothetically got prescribed Plan B by a doctor at the Ashe Center and picked it up at the pharmacy in Ackerman, did they hypothetically mail a physical copy of the hill (even though both were fully covered through UCSHIP) to my home address?   I’m hypothetically freaking out &lt;3

where do yall find housemates
Hi, I'm an incoming UCLA grad student and i was wondering how you guys find housemates? I found a facebook group that's just full of spam so not too sure where to go from here

Looking For a Roommate (F) for Early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double
Please message me if interested!

Single RSU group
[removed]

Summer Sessions: Housing Question
I'm a 15 year old from the UK hoping to take two courses (Digital Cinematography and Film and TV directing, 8 units in total) with UCLA Summer Sessions this year. Obviously, as a minor travelling abroad, I'd have to stay with the University. It's pretty clear about the fees I'd pay for the course but then this bullet point on the "Fee Calculator" confused me:     * **Housing fees are included** in the program fee for ***mandatory*** ***housing programs.***  &amp;#x200B;  What is a mandatory housing program? How do I know if I'm applying to a mandatory housing program? If not, am I going to have to pay the crazy high $4580.10 on top of $4310.00 program fees?  &amp;#x200B;  I'd appreciate any anwsers I can get :)

What is UCLA like in the summer?
I’m thinking of coming to UCLA for a 3 week Summer school session during the summer. I know that most students will have gone home for the summer but I was wondering if there will still be a social life on campus (or in Westwood Village?). Will there be any events such as parties etc. during the summer session?

RSU: 4/4 (M) - University Apartments
Hi! I am a male sophomore (will be a junior next year) looking for other guys for a single in a 4 person, 4 bed apartment. Not that it really matters for singles, but I'm neat and not loud. I go to bed at around 12 and wake up around 8. If you're interested let me know.

Is there a UCLA Math Tournament, like Berkeley Math Tournament?
[https://bmt.berkeley.edu/](https://bmt.berkeley.edu/)

anyone else feel socially and emotionally stunted
Man I just feel like everyone around me has much better control of their emotions and have much better social skills than me

can anyone hold math 170e? can’t pay with money but can offer swipes if necessary ;-;


summer classes
has anyone taken community health sciences 48 over the summer? how was it… also should i take ling 1 with rett? they have a 2.6 rating. i heard the class is easy and i should probably save it for when i have a heavier courseload but like 😭 the class always fills up quickly anyways and im a 1st year lol so my enrollment appointments r not the best 💀

My first pass is over, but if I want to exchange a discussion time for a different time rn would I be able to because I’d have five unenrolled units?


Need to borrow a ps3 controller for 10 minutes
It's to connect ps4 controllers to a ps3, which I realized that I need a ps3 controller to set up (?) I could give you something in return

Inner Wave Concert
[removed]

Can LS30A/B be used for a biochem major?
[removed]

Can LS30A/B be used for a biochem major?
[removed]

looking to buy two meal swipes for tomorrow (02/26/23) lunchtime or dinner time!! please send me a message (:


I(M) am looking for a group for 4people/4bed
Pretty much the title. I had a group, but things fell through. I mostly keep to myself. It's my last year and I'm just trying to finish and leave—you probably won't even notice I'm here. Usually go to bed between 11-12 and wake up at 9ish. My RSU time is 3/6 5:00. Message me if you're interested or have any questions.

Math 30 vs LS 30?
[removed]

Holding class till tomorrow
I have one spot open, but your second pass has to be tomorrow

Can someone hold Chem 30BL-1E For me, willing to pay…


About 50 black SUVs parked at Royce hall. What event was happening today?


Sustainable LA Grand Challenge launches initiative focused on transportation


female roommate needed!
hi! i have created a roommate group with 2 other girls for a 2 bed 4 person university apartment and we are looking for our 4th!   we’re all clean, quiet, and friendly 2nd years and have 2 (cuddly and cute) esa kitties   dm me if ur interested :)

How to audition for UCLA theater productions?
I can't find anything online but to audition for a UCLA theater production, do you have to be a theater major? I'm not, but I planning on minoring in theater. Are the auditions only within that department or are they open to all students?

Is upper div math more interesting than lower div?
I've found lower-div math to be generally boring and easy, mostly just plug and chug, and I struggle to pay attention. I'm planning to take 115A next quarter to dip my toe in the water since Math 61 was by far my favorite of them. What should I expect for upper divs?

trade psych 133E for 133G or 130
anyone with psych 133e want psych 133g or 130???

psych M136C with Perez
[removed]

Anyone going to rolling loud? Down to carpool? Will pay.


Average price for third party single rooms/lofts in WW
What do y’all pay?

Psychobio electives
Any psychobiology major have reccomendations for easy upper-div elective courses?

need a spring quarter parking spot!
pls pls pls I’ll pay almost anything single or tandem, if you have one on apartment side pls dm or comment!!

BStrong vs GroupX
Hi all! I have just started trying to get into a better routine with lifting as well as just working out more in general, and I’m interested in trying one of the UCLA class passes.  Specifically I was wondering about the total body challenge GroupX classes and how much they incorporate weightlifting, and if those are comparable to the BStrong classes since I definitely want to do classes that involve lifting but am also interested in the yoga/Pilates options. Thanks!

(F) Searching for two roommates for 2b6p apartment in Gayley heights
Hello!! I'm in a group of four rising juniors looking for two more people to complete a group of 6. 3 of us are STEM majors and 1 of us are humanities. We don't drink or smoke, but we don't mind if you do (as long as you don't smoke in the room). Most of us don't usually spend a lot of time in the room, but we usually wake up at around 9-10 AM and go to sleep at around 12-2AM.   Pls PM if interested!

me after de neve lol


Looking for a roommate for a one bedroom Midvale apartment
Hello! I am looking for a roommate for the 2023-2024 school year. I have a one bedroom apartment at 527 Midvale with a move-in date of August 23 2023. Rent/utilities/security deposit we would split to around $1600-1700 each per month. I am female, very clean, and quiet. I am looking for a roommate who is also female and clean, preferably non-smoking. As long as we are respectful of each other’s privacy and noise-level we will get along great! Lmk if you’re interested!

Math 170E with Jeong, H. or Odhiambo, C.O.
Hey guys, any suggestions on who I should take Math 170E with?

contemplating a transfer and would appreciate some support ❤️
I’ve never been so depressed in my life. Before coming to UCLA, I never struggled with depression and anxiety. I am really lucky to be doing well here, it’s not necessarily a rigor concern. I don’t know what to do and on the rare chance I decide to share this, I sometimes feel invalidated that I should be having the time of my life here. I am contemplating transferring to a different 4-year university. I was wondering if someone could offer me advice or if you have successfully transferred to PM me. I’m really sorry for posting this and I feel awful. I don’t really have a support system here :(

I keep getting unlucky this quarter. Need emotional support❤️
I havn't experienced anything worse in my life than the past two months. I started the quarter with a good spirit, but then I got into an argument with my roommate and he is barely around anymore. I learned from my mistakes and tried to be even better, but I just was lonely and depressed since I don't have many friends here. Just when I was making new friends, devoting into clubs and academics, I had trouble with my finances and cars right before the midterm, causing me to barely get a B in a class I spent almost 20 hours on every week. I picked up good study habits, started to exercise more but this shitty weather and my weak immune system got me sick at home for the last 2 days. I have nothing lined up for summer and I am absolutely messed up for that as well even though I was putting over 15 hours prepping every week. Man, I am feeling super frustrated right now. I don't know how much more I can hang on to this endless cycle of improving from misfortunes and misfortune shortly after. I hav'nt cried in a while and that's not the logical way to deal with troubles, but this shit is driving me crazy. Please let me know what I should do, I really appreciate it.

searching for a 4th roommate(f) :)
[removed]

buying swipe at epicuria this evening. thx


Housing deadline
I am waiting for ucla decisions as a transfer applicant. Do you know when is the deadline for applying to housing?

RSU group swap
I am a male lottery student and am not able to join my friend's roomate group. If anyone that has done the housing application and is not an RSU group can hold my spot for me and join my friend's group I'm willing to pay a lot of money. Please DM me for more info!

Roommate Group for UA
Hi, we’re a group of 3 girls looking for other roommates. We are hoping for a 2bd 6person room in Gayley Heights on one of the upper floors. We keep our shared spaces pretty clean and are also not really drinkers or smokers (only one of us drinks and smokes occasionally). We’re not opposed to bringing guests over, maybe a quick heads up for male guests tho (one of us is Muslim). LGBTQ friendly. Overall, we’d just appreciate people who are similar to us and are relatively clean. If you’re interested or have any questions feel free to message us!

It keeps getting worse. I hate it here man...
As a follow up to my last post [https://www.reddit.com/r/ucla/comments/11amr2h/they\_finally\_removed\_the\_sausage\_sandwiches\_and/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x&amp;context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/ucla/comments/11amr2h/they_finally_removed_the_sausage_sandwiches_and/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3), where I pointed out that the Study removed the sausage sandwiches and fries from the kiosk, it seems that the almighty god Charles was not happy with my keen observation which exposed his cruel penny-pinching tactics and chose to further smite me and other Study enjoyers by changing the pepperoni on the pizzas.    For the past week they had introduced those awesome, restaurant-quality, smaller slices of pepperoni which would curl and crisp up in the oven, but to my dismay, in my pizza today I found that they reverted to using the large slices of pepperoni they usually use in the sandwiches.   I feel like this change really brought the pizzas down a notch, on top of the horrendous bread-to-topping ratio and their lackluster melting of the mozzarella cheese in the wood-fired ovens, it's clear that the Study pizzas lack any semblance of good taste. I'm so proud of them for adding artichokes to pizzas this year though so good on them for that!  I used to be proud of my status as a Study enjoyer but I might have to renounce this title if any further deprecation occurs...

Looking for a Roommate (M)
Hey yall, (asking for a friend)  Kind of a last-minute effort to look for a **male roommate** but .....currently, a third-year STEM major looking for a roommate for a **deluxe double room** on the hill next year. I usually sleep around 1-2 am and wake at around 9 am. Don't mind people drinking but no smoking. I like the room on the colder/quieter side. Preferably, no late-night/loud gamers. Besides that, I am a chill person. I like to hang out and socialize together.      If interested please dm me and we can plan something out

3 Latinas looking for 3 roommates for 3bd/6ppl ucla 2023-24 Gayley heights
Hi! We're three girls looking for 3 roommates for the 2023-24 school year to form a 6 person rsu group! We want to live in Gayley heights next year so three people to live in one room! We're cool w smoking/drinking, looking for people who is relatively tidy/clean. We're all Latinas, one stem major and 2 humanities majors. We have the earliest RSU time!! Private message us for more info!

Looking for a Roommate (M)
[removed]

Looking for Roommates M(20)
[removed]

thirsty?


Looking for Roommate M(20)
[removed]

Looking for roommates (M) for a 2b/6p
I'm a pretty clean person, keep my stuff on my side of the room, and I clean the kitchen after I use it. I like to sleep between 10 and 12, usually 11 to 1130. I like to wake up between 6 and 8 am. I am an engineering student so having other engineering students or at least STEM would be a plus. DM me if you're interested. Also if you have an early RSU time that'd be great!

2bed/ 6 person Roommates
My two friends and I are looking for 3 females to take the other room in a 2 bedroom 6 person apartment. We are all currently second years. Here are some things about us: - We are all Stem majors - Our interests include: yoga, hiking, crocheting, reading, trying new foods - We go to bed around 11-1 wake up around 8-10 - We will keep the shared areas clean - Not big partiers  - Guests are okay if asked first  Private message me if you are interested! :)

Looking for Roommate M(20)
[removed]

Looking for Roommate (M)
[removed]

M(20) Looking for a Roommate for Deluxe Double
[removed]

Can I still get LING20?
Really need this class next quarter to switch my major, I didn't expect it to be full before second pass... does this class have Waitlists or give out PTE numbers? Emailed the professor but still no response yet, a little nervous so I figured I could ask around on here first.   Also if anyone is willing to give their spot to me plz lmk, I'm willing to pay!!

swiping ppl in at epicuria monday dinner
if anybody wants to be swiped, i’m charging $9! planning on going there around 5 or 5:30 ish. dm me!

Is there a pickleball club?
I’m really curious if there are is a casual pickleball club or a group that meets every week. If anyone has a group of friends who play, can I join you guys?

RSU group
I was wondering if there would be someone who's not interested in using their rsu time slots. I want to live with one of my friends, but my friend is part of the lottery and we can't make a group. It's someone not interested in rsu who would like to make a group with me and then exchange places with my friend?

Want to hear UCLA students with disabilities
I am writing a research paper for my Disability Studies course on accessibility on campus. I want to include testimonies or opinions from students with disabilities and any struggles you may have navigating campus/policies that are ablest and just exclude your perspective. Anything on this topic is appreciated.

As a math major, can I take a math class at community college to satisfy math 32b or 33a?
curious if anyone has done this:)

Account Hold
How long does it take for finance holds to lift once you make the payment? I have my second pass soon

summer subletting
is anyone subletting their spot for the summer in a lgtb friendly space? max rent I can pay is 1000, looking for June 16 to September !

Google Form for Stats class
Hello, I am in a stats class and for one of my projects I need to collect student responses to a short series of questions and interpret the data with my group. The google form is linked below, it should not take more than a minute or two to fill out and all of the questions are completely unpersonal. I only need 10 answers. Please answer seriously and thank you!  [https://forms.gle/J5WkQ2Wda6oZu3Cg6](https://forms.gle/J5WkQ2Wda6oZu3Cg6)

LS7B second midterm
Can someone tell me how hard this midterm is compared to the first? I need to study the material and just want an overall sense of what areas I should focus on more.

what are some clubs/organizations where you’ve found your closest friends?
^

What happened to the thin mints on Duffl ???


Willing to offer swipes to anyone who has their early RSU in the morning on the 6th and can add 4 people to their rsu group.
Obviously we won’t be living with your group, just need a good RSU time.

Any experts able to tell me what type of bug this is? I think my room is slightly infested with them. Any reason to be concerned?


Black dog near back entrance of Royce Hall. Looks lost. No owner nearby


AITA for yelling at my roommate?
I (22m) live in a 4 bedroom, 8 person apartment, where there are 7 of us living there. For the most part we keep to ourselves and keep things amicable and try to respect each other’s space, belongings and privacy. One of my roommates, S (21m) brings his friends over often at night, drinks with them and overall get somewhat loud and obnoxious. But couldn’t stand it anymore when on Wednesday night/Thursday morning while working on a group project that ended up being 15 pages long S and his friends were being so loud my phone’s audio picked up their yelling when FaceTiming my group mates. It was 1 AM, and was fed up, I opened my door and yelled “YO! IT’S ONE IN THE MORNING! SHUT THE FUCK UP!” Quickly closed the door and  S and his friends kept quiet, finished their conversation and left. I haven’t talked to S since, but asked one of my roommates who was up at the time if I was harsh. This roommate said no.   Yesterday while waiting for the elevator a student from one the neighboring units walked over and asked if she heard my roommates being loud on Wednesday night. She said yes and even said S had ding dong ditched her and her roommates in the middle of the night earlier this year.   So Am I the Asshole for yelling at my roommate?

ara position
what's the living situations for ara's? do ara's get their own place or do they live in a 4bd/4ppl

How are people getting early rsu times and what does rsu do
how are people getting such early rsu times? my time is march 6th at 5:30pm so im confused how people are getting one's that are the same day but early in the morning. also what does rsu do exactly? I know it gives priority for your housing choice but do the times signify that when it's that time you will be able to choose which housing you get or what

Any peers from Montreal on campus? T ouu? tabarnak bien arrive ici mais j manque d sortir avec my ppl


Try coursicle!
[removed]

Looking to buy seat in ps 10, 30, 50, or 6
Need to more lower divs to declare willing to pay for a seat in any two of the above classes

Got an average score on midterm. Would I fail? As a grad student.


Can someone pls hold a class for me if possible
I’m desperate my second pass is so late

Looking to pay for early rsu UOA (f)
really need someone with a morning time on 3/6 !!! please PM to talk about it

Looking for a Female Roommate for Early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double!
Please message me if interested!

Looking for a Roomate (F) for early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double
Please message me if interested!

phide rush/pledging
i know ppl have strong opinions abt premed/prehealth frats but i was wondering what the pledging process is like for phide

How to meet people ?
I'm an incoming grad student from Amsterdam (23F) and don't know anyone yet in LA/Westwood. What are good places/events to meet people and easily make new friends ? All recs welcome

I chose EECS at Berkeley over EE at UCLA
EDIT: 📑 I 💰 did not 🏻 apply 📄 to UCLA, and regret it. By “chose” I 😂 mean 🤔 I chose not to apply. 📄    And it was the worst 👹 decision I have 🈶🈶 ever 😉👍 made. Just a PSA to prospective students, do 🕺 not believe 😱 the stupid 🚶‍♀️🚶😤 rumors you hear 🦻 about 🧚‍♀️ UCLA (not-cutthroat, no violent crime, good 😌 housing, etc.) 📒 all 💯😂 those 👞🤔 things 😤🌸💐💗💫 are either 🥵 not true or exaggerated and worth dealing with because UCLA is the #1 🥈 public university and global 🌎 T5 for STEM.    UCB doesn’t 😚 hold a candle, I have 🈶🈶🈶 no idea why 🚮😢🤔 they 👬 are often compared. 😡✊🔏 When 🤷 I prestige (aka have a kid) 🚸👦 I will make sure they know this. GO 🔁🏃 BRUINS!    And for current 💰 students, 📖📒 congrats 👏 on being 😑🙆 there, and just know that 😐 hundreds 💯 of thousands of people wish 😜🙏 they were 👌👶 in your shoes. 👢  Have a great day. 🙌🏼 Enjoy 💯 the rain 🤔?

Looking for 1(F) to join RSU group
Hi! My roommates and I are looking to fill in one spot for housing next year at the UA. We’d prefer a 4b/4p but also a 2b/4p is fine. We are looking for someone with an rsu of 12pm or earlier on the 6th, hit me up! Two rising juniors and one rising senior, latinas and super cool (: we can talk more about preferences thru pm.

Rieber Terrace noise levels
Can you hear Rende/the trucks going to rende via the path behind the building at all?

Reproductive and Sexual Health Survey (short)
[removed]

got way too much time on my hands
I just need something that takes up a lot of time like a hobby or a job

UCLA study abroad housing 23-24
[removed]

study abroad housing 23-24
[removed]

switching off study abroad housing 23-24
[removed]

Switching Off Study Abroad Housing 23-24
[removed]

Summer Sublease
Hi! I was wondering if anyone is looking to sublease their place this summer? I have an internship this summer (June 26th - September 15th) and am planning to live near Culver City.

Does anyone live in Westside terrace 3636 S south Sepulveda? My friend is locked in the parking garage without their phone. In parking garage 2?


looking for short term studio or 1b1b rent near ucla.


Is TA Jake still at ucla?


Is material science and engineering good at UCLA?
Hey, I need some help. Can you give me a hand?

best 18+ bars near westwood
i want to go to a bar for my 21st with my friend who's only 18 just so we can experience going to a bar. is rocco's 18+ or are there any good ones near westwood? (we don't have a car)

Does the UCLA Store sell shoes?
[removed]

Missing Wallet
Not sure how to really start off with this. I lost my wallet sometime in the last few days on campus. Just got notifications from my bank that someone used my Discover Credit Card to buy $10 worth of In in Out in Westwood a couple hours ago. If the person reading this is you, can you please just return it to the Reiber front desk?

buyong brunch swipe this Saturday at deneve. Thx


Looking for RSU Group (F)
Hi! I’m looking to get one of the single studios (pref LF/GW), and am looking to make an RSU group for early RSU if anyone has the same/similar situation to mine. Just hit me up and we can go from there! Thank you 😊

Looking for 2 girls for a 4person/4bed apartment
hii ! is anyone interested in a 4 person/4 bed apartment. i have early rsu time on the 6th at 8:15am. it would be guaranteed we get this apartment. im doing gender inclusive so u would have to be comfortable w opting in. the opt in for gender inclusive is only so my guy friends can get the same priority as me but they would be getting their own separate apartment w other guys. in our 4person/4bed it would be all girls. if ur interested dm me :) im looking for 2 other girls!

Physics 5B or 5C
Hi, willing to pay for a physics 5b or 5c spot, any lecture. Pm me

Looking for 2 girls for a 4person/4 bed apartment
[removed]

Looking for roommates for plaza triple (f)
[removed]

Looking for 2 girl roomates for 4person/4bed
[removed]

If a class is full and closed by the department, will others be able to enroll if someone drops?
title

Looking for PPL to join RSU group
hii ! is anyone interested in a 4 person/4 bed apartment. i have early rsu time on the 6th at 8:15am. it would be guaranteed we get this apartment. im doing gender inclusive so u would have to be comfortable w opting in. the opt in for gender inclusive is only so my girl friends can get the same priority as me but they would be getting their own separate apartment w other girls. in our 4person/4bed it would be all guys. if ur interested dm me :) im looking for 2 other guys!

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 10:00 A.M. PST
&amp;#x200B;  [Please register: https:\/\/www.wsws.org\/en\/special\/pages\/how-to-stop-war-ukraine-socialist-strategy.html](https://preview.redd.it/f0a2eeqzy9ka1.png?width=1280&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;v=enabled&amp;s=a3e2f927fc7cfe2173ac11808cf82a99c66baccd)

Looking for a gym buddy :D
I’m trying to get ready for graduation pictures

Might there be snow tonight
tonight is the closest we gonna get to have snow over UCLA.

Fuck these fucking floors in all the residential buildings
I swear to God I'm going to dislocate my knee slipping on this shit. There's not even signs 95% of the time. Already tweaked it twice today, feel like I'm 1 away from losing the ability to walk. I get it doesn't rain often here but why in God's name did they have to pick material it's SUPER easy to slip on and then do absolutely nothing to keep the floors dry? Flash flood ain't shit, it's these fucking floors that will kill you

RSU group for 4/4 apartment (male)
I have a group of 2 looking to join another group preferably with an early RSU time (3/6 in the morning) for a 4 bed/4 person apartment. Pm me to discuss further!

Will also pay an ungodly amount of money + $1 for a 4bd/4ppl early rsu group
Literally begging any girls with an RSU time before 10am trying to get a 4bd/4ppl to please add me and my roommates to their group we will pay so much money

will pay ungodly amts of money for an early rsu for 4bed/4person
message me if u want my money

How is Math 115 a with Sanchez Ocal, P. spring quarter
How is Math 115 a with Sanchez Ocal, P. spring quarter? Thank you!

"Free" Summer Housing Options by Working with ResLife?
I couldn't get 5A for the 3rd quarter in a row now and I'm looking to possibly take it this summer. I'd have to stay on campus though, and I remember last year Spring UCLA Housing was posting some fliers about working with housing to get free boarding for one of the summer sessions. I literally remember nothing else. Does anyone know if there's any housing opportunities like this or any affordable ones? Or if anyone can share their experiences on this, that'd be great also! Thank you so much :0

found a lost key!
if you lost your keys near ucla extension on gayley and lindbrook next to the metro construction site, i have them!  if you are missing keys and think these may be yours, please message me and let me know what is on the keyring (for security's sake) and i can get them back to you.  if the owner is not found this weekend, i will turn them into the ucla extension front desk on monday :)

do i need to take a placement exam to be able to take filipino 3?
tryna do the full year language req in one quarter since im fluent

Looking for an RSU group (M)
Hey, I'm looking to form an RSU group for a university apartment. My top choices are the 4bd/4p and 2bd/3p, but I'd be okay with any of the others that have doubles.  I'm going to be a second year Music Industry major. I'm into music and cars, and tend to be pretty chill and flexible. I usually go to bed kinda late.  Let me know if you're interested, especially if you have an early time.

fastest wifi on campus?
i’m buying tickets for a concert soon (on tm, who’s alr known for fucking ppl up) so i’m wondering where the fastest wifi might be on campus to help with that, if anyone knows! appreciate it in advance &lt;3

Ls107 spot
If someone plans to drop ls107, please dm me. If there’s a price involved and you’re interested, also dm me!

Bruinbus commuters suck
I mean some of ya'll are fine but most act so entitled. Like yes we are all fighting for a place on the bus in the morning at Weyburn Terrace but can you not be a b about it? Don't be pushing elbows into people and pushing. And yeah its ok if you're advancing and strategizing how to get on the bus but when someone else does it you publicly insult them. I'm so sick of this. Can we not make a line?

Offering $300 for Spot in S23 Physics 5C (w/ Hamilton)
Hi, I am willing to pay you $300 for a spot in Physics 5C with Hamilton next quarter. If you are interested, please message me!

major/minor reqs
do i need to declare a minor or could i just graduate with one major? Would it be worth it with only a major?

People graduating with English minors !!! Lmk what are the best classes to take after the English 10 series


easy summer upper division classes?
Hi, what are some easy summer upper division classes?

JiDion visits UCLA in newest Youtube video, interrupts a physics midterm


Where To Buy Gatorade on Campus?
Title, where to find any on campus and buy with either swipe or cash (swiped preferred) :)

can i still take lower division classes?
will they count towards anything??

Does anyone know how to build a PC?
Hello everyone. I would appreciate it if someone on the hill has the time to help me finish building my PC. PM me if you could help me out or if you could be kind enough to give me some pointers.

Does anyone know how to build a PC?
[removed]

Building PC
[removed]

Views from deluxes
hi people, i am more or less picking my dorm for next year and was wondering what the views are like from these options (from both sides, also pictures are appreciated):  Gardenia, Sproul Cove, Sproul Landing

Help
[removed]

Help Building PC
[removed]

avoid 4b8p uni apts &lt;/3
the ones who decided shoving 8 people in an apartment was a good idea should try it out themselves🫶🏻   it’s still a good option if you want affordable housing, or if everything else is taken, or if you have a bigger roommate group.  the upsides to them are that they’re new, have some nice amenities, and are a bit cheaper, but even then the walls are paper thin (compared to an older uni apt I lived in) and we (and some others) have issues with things in our apt not working.  it’s just for me, having so many roommates has been nothing but stressful, so if you’re going with this one, try to make sure you have good roommates that you can get along / be civil with … also RA sent an email about seeing increasing numbers in roommate conflicts 🤔 wonder why?

HOW much do you truly care about the football team?
Looks like chip has us in the right direction, just would like to know how much of y’all enjoy making the trip to Pasadena to watch them play!

psych 133g w/greenfield discussions
the class is asynchronous so with lecture being online does that mean discussions are mandatory?

RSU single pod group (female)
hi there! i’m a second year female math/applied science major looking to form an RSU group for single pods. my early RSU time is 3/7 10:30am. please let me know if anyone is interested!

Fun fact: a bruincard can survive being microwaved for two minutes


anyone with an active 2nd pass: please help
I got the absolute worst enrollment times this quarter and I haven’t been able to get any of the courses I’ve wanted so far :/ My 2nd appointment is tomorrow at 10pm and the psych classes I want are filling up fast. Please, if anyone could hold one for me I would appreciate it so so much!!

Looking for Teammates for IMC Prosperity
Title.     Data theory major with machine learning internship experience. PM if interested.

wanting to go online
i’m a psych major, however, i really am having a hard time being at school. i desperately want to be online and be back at home. i’m just wondering how uc online works?

Do we need to register in advance for the dim sum at Ackerman tomorrow?
I worry there will be a really long line :(

C&amp;S Bio M130 or MCDB M130…Has anyone taken either with Shah.P.K, i cant find any reviews on bhi walk? Thanks!
C&amp;S Bio M130 or MCDB M130…Has anyone taken either with Shah.P.K, i cant find any reviews on bhi walk?

C&amp;SBio M130 or MCDB M130…have anybody taken any if these with Shah P.K, i cant find any reviews on bruinwalk!


anthro 1 with Prof Fox
I'm taking Anthro 1 with Prof Fox next quarter and was wondering if lectures are recorded for the class.

Dropping class and taking 9 units
[removed]

Aint no way


Buying Available Parking Spot in Sunset Village
[removed]

What is the easiest upper division class?
Hi fellow Bruins,  I fucked up my independent research and am now 2 upper division units short of graduating. What is the easiest upper division? Preferably one without mathematics, as I’m tired of the grind. I would also like to avoid writing (basically a “show-up, get A” class).  Thanks in Advance,  Crying in the club.

RSU group for classic singles
Does anyone want to form an RSU group to just get classic singles in a building? not a pod. If you have a better time than 3/7 @ 3 pm, even better, but I'm not picky. Let me know :) Just don't wanna do housing sign-ups without early signup.

anyone willing to hold stats 101b, will pay
any stats or data theory majors/premajors willing to hold stats 101b for me i will pay ty

Buying Available Parking Spot in Sunset
[removed]

I hate my classes
I feel so bored, I never go to class, I never do my homeworks, I am depressed all the time because I hate what I am studying. Anyone feel the same ?

Willing to trade stats 10 or polsci 10
P.M. me! I have both stats 10 and polsci 10 and i’m willing to trade either or both for polsci 60! Also willing to pay for 60

Saturday Basketball Game
is there a way to get a discounted ticket? alsoooooo its telling me to get a den pass but isnt the season almost over?

subletting from mid-june to mid-sept
hi! i'm a second year (f) who just got accepted as an NSA blue for this summer and they dont provide housing. if anyone is subletting their apartment for the summer or knows of anyone plz lmk!  (i'd move in like end of finals week - sept 15 cause thats when the nsa program ends) also preferably looking at a 1bed or studio any help would be appreciated :) ty !

Willing to pay for 4bd/4ppl early rsu time
Me and my two roommates are willing to pay for someone who has an early rsu time before 10am on 3/6 to join our group.     You wouldn’t have to be in the same unit as us, you’d just have to either be in the same building or same room type. So even if you already have a group, as long as you want the same building as us or a 4bd/4ppl you can still room with them and get some additional money from us just for merging groups.      DM me to negotiate price

Looking for a 2bd 4ppl RSU (female)
Hello! I am looking to form a 2 bd 4ppl RSU in a building with parking. Here’s a bit about my roommate preferences:  - I prefer to live with people who don’t smoke in the apartment   - I’m a light sleeper, so I’d prefer people who aren’t noisy past 11pm on weekends and midnight on weeknights.  - I like to keep the space clean, especially the common areas. It’s especially important to me for the kitchen to be clean.  - I’m fine with guests but if you’re bringing someone over and you’d like me out of the room (if we’re sharing a room), I’d like some notice.  Here’s some info about me:  - I’m an introvert and I keep to myself. But I’m cool with my roommates having people over as long as it’s not too late (past 11pm on weekdays or 12am on weekends).  - I go to bed at midnight and try to get 8-9 hours or sleep. Sometimes it’s a bit later or earlier depending if it’s a weekend or if I have an early class. But I am quiet if I’m going back into the room while my roommate is asleep.  - I don’t smoke. I do drink occasionally but I don’t get drunk.  DM me if you’re interested and/or like to talk more about roommate/living preferences!

Angèle 4/19
Is anyone interested in seeing her with me at the Novo? Pls pm!

Should i take the flood warnings seriously?
New to LA &amp; the US and am not sure how dangerous it is to go out right now. I understand evacuating if you’re in a mountainous area or something, but looking out the window, it seems like normal rain to me. (Please correct me if I am wrong.) Can I still walk around in Westwood or take a Lyft to a mall and not die?

Easiest class that involves some coding for beginners?


Paige Greene's Office Hours??
Anyone know what Prof Paige Greene's office hours are this quarter? I want to talk to her about a LOR but I'm not currently in one of her classes. tia!

Professor Nushin Arbabzadah office hours time and location
Basically title

Any UCLA Alumni in Anchorage, Alaska? Hosting a free BBQ dinner for 12 strangers tomorrow night.
Hello everyone, this is my second time hosting Dinner for 12 strangers. Unfortunately, some people have dropped last min and I have a 20lb brisket sitting in my fridge right now. It will be a beer and bbq dinner. If you are interested in attending, please send me a DM.

UCLA Rx and CAE accommodations
Campus pharmacy has been facing a stimulant shortage (nationwide) since the start of February. Havent been able to get my prescription since January 19th and my grades tanked (been on them since fourth grade and need them to function)  Will CAE approve writing a retest letter? This is the first time I've ever done this poorly. My psychiatrist   tldr: my gpa is tanking because I cant get my essential meds due to a nationwide stimulant shortage. Will CAE care?

i can hold up to 7 units
lmk if you’re willing to pay! my second pass is live. im a 3rd yr psychobio major, ive already taken a few classes but hmuu

Anyone got Psych 85 for Spring Quarter? Willing to pay
Title, DM me and let me know, willing to pay a lot

hold eeb
anyone who is an EEB major or minor have 4 extra units they can help me hold a class with? much appreciated

LS7A Slack Contact
Can someone DM me the LS7A slack workspace link? It's hard to reach professor maloy through email.

Is anyone going to drop CS 118? Lmk


LA City Council Meeting Newsletter 2/12/2023
Hey everyone! Amidst the busy week, your local city council has still found time to meet!!  As  I have mentioned, I am an undergraduate student who is currently  working on a student run newsletter that takes information from your local city council meetings and puts it all in one cohesive newsletter, that way we can all be better informed about the politics of LA!  Our newsletter is non-partisan, so its sole purpose is really to help you better know your local government because we want our LA community to know what they’re voting for!  Here is the link to the most recent newsletter from the February 12th city council meeting!:  [https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSsO3a2QneLY9vfHH1Ylw3kRD03vH03sAb4zcDvbVLSKR\_\_74xIOz\_TZTt9xr4g8yn6EzPUrcYT5ahp/pub](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSsO3a2QneLY9vfHH1Ylw3kRD03vH03sAb4zcDvbVLSKR__74xIOz_TZTt9xr4g8yn6EzPUrcYT5ahp/pub)  If you have any questions or feedback, please email us at [info@purplely.org](mailto:info@purplely.org) and we will get the answers to your questions from the city council.  Sign up [here](https://forms.gle/cHkrFBCtErToWwWJ6) to receive this letter after every city council meeting!

Willing to Hold a Classes
hello! I can hold classes, up to 9 units. Make an offer :) thanks!

Pre-dental Transfer
What (preferably life science) major would be good for a pre-dental tranfer student looking to take upper division science courses such as anatomy, physiology, genetics, histology, etc. I originally wanted to apply as a biology major, but a lot of people say it's mostly plants and animals and you don't really do anything with humans. I've also heard physiological sciences is better, but a lot harder. If I apply as a biology major, would I still have a chance at taking these upper divisions, or should I look at other majors?

Anyone know where you can buy an umbrella on campus?


psych 124a - language as cognitive science
hi has anyone taken psych 124a - language as cognitive science (especially with blank)? there arent really any bruinwalk reviews so i was wondering about the workload and professor for the class

Can I take Physics 1a without taking Math 32a concurrently?
I was advised by a counselor that I could do so, but the website says I need 32a and a coreq for 1a. Has anyone been able to do this?

Can Hold a Class
I can hold up to 5 units, my roomate can hold 4. PM me, we’re only reserving for $.

Is it doable?? (Ling&amp;cs)
Is it doable to take 3ling upper div+ 1 upper cs  Or  3cs upper divs In one quarter??  I dont know difficulty of upper ling courses…

What happened at lambda chi alpha?
Saw a bunch of cop cars out there. More than usual.

Can you use the Santa Clarita Commuter Express 797/792 JUST from Century City to Westwood?
Hi guys,  My future roommate will work at UCLA this summer, but my job is in Century City. My ideal place to live is in Century City, as I don't have a car, but we're trying to find a compromis-able location to live in so that commute isn't awful for either of us.  I'm a former UCLA grad as well and I interned in Century City over the summer. This summer, I was really frustrated at how unbelievably long it took to get from campus to Century City on public transport. I've tried changing buses at Santa Monica, Metro Micro and even scooters, but every single one took 30 min or more. I feel this is just not justifiable when my managers expect 10-15 min commutes since I would be living so close to the office. It's also frustrating because it's really only a 10 min drive. I was wondering if any of you know whether you can use the Santa Clarita Commuter Express 797/792 to only commute between these two city's instead of all the way from Santa Clarita. I've noticed that when this bus stops at Century City, it typically doesn't take on any passengers regardless of if you have the correct pass or not. There doesn't seem to be any bus that goes up Beverly Glen or any nearby street either. Thanks!

Paige Greene Office Hours
Anyone know Paige Greene's office hours this quarter?

Calling All Antisocial Peeps!!!
[removed]

UCLA Musicians Playlist
I posted this a couple of days ago but MAN you guys gave me some great recs and the playlist keeps growing! Check out [this playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4HkSKQBZqoVD8NhIGDeF3S?si=deccc508bd7e46e4) if you want to listen to the music UCLA students have created!

What are the chances of getting off the Econ 1 waitlist with Prof. Rojas?
Title, thanks!

Hablas español?
Rain is crazy today, are you on campus and speak Spanish? Comment or PM please

Lost Phone In Murphy Hall Restroom
Hey y’all!   There was a phone in the Murphy Hall Women’s restroom on the bottom floor. Since Murphy doesn’t have an official lost and found, I turned it in at the Powell lost and found.   It’s an iPhone w a green case and a dog as a screensaver.   Hopefully it can be returned to its rightful owner soon!

I'm sick and tired of being an idiot so I want to educate myself by dropping in random politics/history lectures. Any informative/useful classes you guys are taking and what time do they start so i could join in?
No small classes where it will be noticeable. I'll check.

lost airpods in lu valle commons
i know this is a long shot :’) but i left my airpod pros in the seating area outside of lu valle commons on wednesday afternoon. they have a pink case and a mini barcode gym tag attached to it. pls lmk if anyones seen them or if they have some sort of lost and found :(

What do YOU think about the recent UC grad student strike?
[removed]

CS 35L Attendance?
Hi! I'm trying to take this class in the Spring and was wondering if attendance is required for lectures (if they are podcasted/recorded), or if there is an in-person lab component? I go to a different UC and live far so trying to figure out if this is worth it. Thank you for any help on this!!

How the fuck do people here make friends?
[removed]

Schoenberg Hall and the Music Center - Library #3


internship
Not sure if this is the right place for this but a friend of mine is looking to bring on a UCLA student as a marketing intern for the fourth quarter. If you're interested, check it out [here](https://airtable.com/shrKGKc5ia9vHGSOH)

Can I study abroad coming out of senior year?


hitch cat wanted cookies!


Bcafe açaí bruin bowl
has anyone tried the bcafe bruin bowl. is it similar to the one at salpicon and is it worth it.

ethnmus 101
Hi, has anyone taken ethnmus 101 and can tell me more about it? theres no bruinwalk reviews for it :(

if amyone is selling lunch swipe today at deneve? thx


FILMTV 4
If anyone wants to drop FilmTv 4 next quarter, please lmk because I want to take that class!

Spanish 3 Asynchronous Summer Session
Anyone enrolled in Spanish 3 asynchronous summer session c wants to switch to Spanish 3 asynchronous summer session a? Pm me pls! Thanks!

did anyone hear back from their graduate program yet? I'm applying to the M.S in EE program for fall 23 but haven't heard anything back.


GE recommendations
I want to take some interesting and not very difficult ge's. any recommendations?

will pay $$$ for 31B with Xiong.
please dm.

Graduating this quarter
Hey I decided last minute to graduate this quarter is there anything I need to do?   So far I changed my candidacy term and requested to have my diploma mailed. Do I need to do anything else regarding financial aid etc etc?

Paying $$$ for Physics 5C
I'll literally pay big bucks for a 5c spot. Please DM.

if it’s raining, will the food trucks still come?
title

any girls going to cabo for spring break?


Phy 1C hold
Anyone able to hold Phy 1C for spring? Willing to pay. Need for graduating, stuck with a shitty pass.

Looking for a Roommate (F) for Early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double
Please message me if interested!

Can someone hold soc 122 until 10pm tomorrow night?
Please message me if you can! There’s only 18 spots left and my second pass is tomorrow at 10pm 😭😭😭

Transfer student joining in the spring after missing the last two quarters.
Hello everyone!!  I'm reaching out because I'm a transfer student who's finally able to join in the Spring after experiencing some visa issues that prevented me from starting in the Fall. It was a tough time, but I'm stoked to finally be able to attend UCLA.  Anyway, I'm curious if there are any other students out there who have gone through a similar experience? What was it like for you joining mid-year? Did you find it challenging to make friends and get settled into the school community? How hard is it to get acclimated to the quarter system and the pace of the classes?  I'm also aware that making new friends and getting involved in campus life can be a bit daunting, especially since I'll be joining in the Spring. I'm interested in any suggestions or tips for how to get involved and make friends. What are some of the best ways to connect with others and build a social network on campus?  On the bright side, I'll be living on campus, so I'm hoping that'll make it a bit easier to get involved in activities and meet people. But still, I can't help but feel a little anxious about the whole thing.  Anyways, I'm really looking forward to starting this new chapter in my life and becoming a Bruin! Thanks for reading, and I hope to see some of you around campus soon!

Math 31A standard compared with IB?
I'm a UK system student planning on coming over for the SCIP course. I wanted to find out what the standard of the Math 31A course is, compared with, say, A levels or IB HL AA? I really want to take Math 32A but I won't be able to do Math 31A/31B as co-requisite, so I'm going to have to pick one or the other.   PS. it hurts my soul to omit the "s" in "Maths".

looking for clubs that have IM teams
^ comment &lt;3

pic 16a (yang l.) or stats 20 (tsiang) for spring quarter
finishing up prereqs for declaring my major and want an easy class to finish it off. I don't have a preference for either class but would appreciate any recent reviews on either professor before my second pass hits :\]

Hold a class
Can anyone hold a class for me? There’s a waitlist already

enrollment shitpost
I know everyone complains about enrollment, but every enrollment I get more and more angry. It is insane that kids have to beg people to hold classes for them or offer to pay random sums of money to TRY to get a class. You would think after kids have been so vocal about the issue for so long UCLA would do ANYTHING about it but they couldnt give less of a shit. Looking at enrollment options right now and I have no options lmao. EVERY SINGLE ELECTIVE i could possibly take for my major is already full or the few that aren't have less than 20 spots or insane prereqs that I have not taken. What the fuck is someone supposed to do in this situation? Enroll and pay for bullshit units that won't count towards my major at all? I hate enrollment and this shitty ass situation, that happens every fucking time

Care Extenders
I have my first shift on Saturday, and I was wondering how the 4-hour volunteering shift goes. What did you usually do during it?

Anyone want to help me make my slides aesthetic? I’ll pay you.
Let me know. Need it done by 12pm tomorrow.

winter quarter bad
is anyone else having quite literally the worst quarter ever? i am just having the most absolutely dogshit quarter and want to know if im alone :,) i called caps yesterday to see if I could talk to someone and they hung up on me 💀

where can i get my transfer cord for graduation?


Any bio majors willing to save me a spot in a class?
Lol. My 2nd pass is awful. I'm a 3rd yr bio major and wondering if anyone's willing to save me a spot in EEB C135 or EEB 151A. It's not looking like there'll be enough spots for me once my pass starts (2/27 2 pm). Willing to pay

Two coding classes during one quarter?
Pre-Cognitive science major here. The only pre-major requirements I have left are my coding classes. I plan on taking PSYCH 20A (MATLAB) and STATS (R Programming), would I be making a good choice or am I making the most dumbest decision in the world by stacking the workload of two coding classes? I've only taken PIC 10A before and I gotta admit that it was the most time-consuming class I've ever taken but was doable nonetheless.  My backplane is to take COMPTNG 16A during Summer Session.  If anyone has taken these courses before, which is easier in your opinion?  Thank you for everyone's input in advance :D  Sincerely,  A Hopeless Bruin

Looking to sublease for spring quarter
I'm looking to sublease a place with a parking spot next quarter, possibly for Summer too. I'll be working full-time a decent drive away so need a non-parked-in parking space. Dm if you're still looking to sublet!

Looking for 2 more female roommates for 4bed/4person apartment
I’m currently in a group of 2 for a 4/4 apartment and we’re looking for 2 more girls to join us! Our earliest rsu time is 3/6 at 1:45pm. We’re both 3rd years who are pretty chill and clean. DM me to talk more about living preferences!

How likely is it to get off the Econ 1 waitlist for Spring 2023?
Title. - Thanks!!!

131A without 33B
I’m a data theory major and I have to take 131a for my major. A pre req is 33B, but it’s listed no where on my courses for my major page and I heard it’s just a recommendation at this point. I will also have to take it over the summer, and with overlapping plans I cannot do it at a community college, so I was wondering how relevant it was to the course at all. Worse come worse, it is possible for me to take it over the summer but it will be expensive. Thanks for any help y’all can give!

Looking to sublet apartment for Fall 2023!
Hi! I am looking for someone to sublease an apartment with 3 other females for Fall 2023  &amp;#x200B;  It will be a UA so \~10 min walking to campus and \~5 from target/ralphs.  4 people 2 bedrooms so you will be sharing a room with another female roommate.  Rent will be about $950 a month including utilities &amp; the place comes fully furnished.  &amp;#x200B;  PM for more info or if interested!

I want a chill bar to meet men at. Send recs.
Does anyone know any bars that are like not dance /club vibes and are more like chill but still fun and you get to actually talk and meet people rather than music blasting and people elbowing you ?? Like think bungalow except if no one over 25 was allowed in lmao

Roommate Group
my friend has a good time and is a roommate group leader. He is going to live in the apartment, but I'm going to be in the dorm with my roommates. Can my roommates and I be added to the group but still get dorm housing? Or can you not cross pike that

Looking for 2 more girl roommates for 4p/2bd UA :)
Hi!!! Making a post bc my friend and I are looking for 2 more girls to join our roommate group for a 4p/2bd university apartment, hopefully one of the buildings on Landfair  * current 2nd yr linguistics major and 3rd yr anthropology major * i love cooking and would love to do roommate dinners, love reading, yoga, playing guitar, learning languages    * i'm vegetarian and roomie is gluten free but we do not mind other types of diets in same kitchen * 2nd girl loves the outdoors/hiking, singing, reading (we are very similar)  basically just looking for chill, likeminded people who would be willing to live together! Please pm if you're at all interested &amp; want to talk more about preferences and habits

looking for transfer llc roommate (f)
hey guys, tried messaging people the system paired me with and no one has responded so I’m here. I’m in the transfer LLC for next year and am looking for a roommate. I’m a rising 4th year English major. I don’t drink or smoke, go to bed between 11-12, clean up after myself, and am very quiet. DM if interested :)

RSU group for 4bd/4p apartment (male)
I’m a rising 4th year student looking to join a RSU group for a 4 bed/4 person apartment. My early RSU is 3/6 @ 12:30 pm. Pm me if I can join your group or if you want to form a group!

The study waffles
I’ve never gotten the waffles from the study before. Does anyone know if we can choose to take the toppings off the waffle and just get it plain?

Can hold 1 class
Pm me!

Deadline to declare major?
Hi everyone! Is there a certain deadline to declare your major? I'm a first-year transfer and am unsure if there's a strict deadline.  More specifically, I'm going to be declaring an Anthropology B.A. major. I'm worried about declaring too late. Thanks!

Holding class till tomorrow or Saturday
I have one spot left to hold a class but your second pass has to be either tmrw or Saturday

Excel Test
If anyone has any Excel practice tests, or advise/tips/resources for an Excel exam interview, that would be greatly appreciated! It is for an Accounting / Financial Analyst role, so anything for that field that would be dope. Thanks!

looking for someone to hold psych 10
please I will pay good money

can hold class
pm me the class, if it has requirements, and your best offer. i’ll do it for free if i don’t get anyone to pay but if someone offers i will take it

Available for meetups


looking for someone to hold a class!
hey all, I’m looking for someone to hold a 4 unit class until tomorrow morning around 10!   please pm me if you have an active second pass and can hold a class. also please lmk what you’re charging to hold.   will require proof of enrollment prior to payment

What classes to take instead of CS145 and CS180
I am doing my tech breadth in CS (trying to break into the tech field) I did CS32 and math61. I was hoping to do cs180 but it’s full. Other classes I heard are useful in the field are Cs145 and cs35L but I can’t take cs35L and cs145 is full.

club cali parking
any tenants in club cali with an extra parking space i can rent from you for a few months?

Glenrock West?
Does anyone know anything about Glenrock West? I'm looking into UA's rn, and I wanted to know the pros and cons of it!

club cali
any tenants living in club cali with an extra parking space i can rent from them for a few months?

RSU group for a deluxe (female)
I am looking for potential roommates but more importantly someone to form an RSU group for a deluxe building. I am a current first year and am open to any of the deluxe buildings.

Looking for 2 girls for 2 bed/4 ppl university apartment
My roommate and I are looking for two more girls to room with in a UA 2bed/4ppl.  We’re both: - rising fourth years - MCDB majors - prefer a clean communal living space  DM if interested! :)

Psych 101 Lab Rec
Has anyone taken this with mcauliffe? Reviews aren’t looking too good

cutting in queue
have some consideration towards people who have been waiting in the queue for anywhere from 10-20 mins like why? to the people who tried to cut me at rende sorry for calling yall out but yall suck &lt;3

Eps sci 10 help
Need help with lab someone dm please🙏🙏

willing to add someone to my rsu group (9:45 am 3/6) for singles in apartments or single pod if I can get a spot in psych 121, or psych 186A-D
our group first priority is 4bd. if those fill up then we’re getting single pods. Hmu if you’re down!

Enrolling in a class that's over enrolled
If a friend held a class for me and it's now over enrolled by 20 and there isn't a waitlist, will I not be able to enroll? I'm gonna be so sad 😭

Rescind
I have a 2.8 unweighted first semester gpa for senior year because I got 3bs 2cs and 1 A in my classes. All Ap but 1, my math teacher considered maybe changing my grade but I have to have either a B or A by end of April which is unlikely. What should I do? Can I email ucla now even though I haven’t heard if I got admitted yet?

Single Pod
Would anyone like to be a part of an RSU group to get single pods for the priority RSU? (female) PM!

RSU group
To get priority RSU, would anyone (female) like to make an RSU group even if we don't room together?

can anyone swipe my froomie and i into B-Plate tonight? We are seniors just trying to reminisce on the Hill. We will venmo you :)


Rainbow over Royce


Hold EEB 170
if any EEB dept majors can hold EEB 170, I'll gladly pay &lt;3  willing to negotiate amount

Earlier today


How long should I give my roommate the room?
Is two hours enough? We live in a classic triple and I like studying in the dorm, but I get that sometimes he wants a friend over. I get ticked because I feel like he should only need the privacy for so long, but I'm not sure if I'm being the asshole here.

Can you test out of French after taking the first class?
I took French 1, thinking that my high school french experience would not be enough to get through UCLA, only to realize the entire beginner french series is kinda just taking up units lol. If I took French 1 already, would I still be able to take the placement exam to go to French 3? I really don't want to go through more quarters of French than I have to especially the classes all meet 3 times a week (which is hard for me as someone who has to work full time). I kinda just want to finish French 3 and get it over with, but not sure if because I didn't take the placement exam initially, they'll try to make me do French 2 anyway.  Alternatively, are there other ways like community college courses that people could recommend?

Math Classes Summer Session
Does anyone know if any Upper Div Math courses are recorded for the summer? Thanks.

RSU Group (M) for Deluxe or Classic Double
[removed]

Apartment recommendations
Opinions on Midvale Apartments 540 and 527 and Axiom Apartments 415 Gayley and 411 Kelton? Which company/buildings are better? Major problems with them?

My UCLA professor showed up to lecture high and ended class 1 hour early


opening classrooms while class is still going on
Why do you guys do this lol

AITA for wanting to ask someone studying solo to leave the group study pods in YRL?
Title, but yea I totally get how the library is a public space and people can sit wherever they please. But it really annoys me to see one person just sitting on their phone, taking up the whole study pod when my group of 4-5 people who actually could use the space can't find a spot to talk and work in an already packed library. AITA?

Psych 100B Lab Mandatory?
Is the Psych 100B Lab Mandatory?

Geography professor is incredibly high while trying to teach class.


Looking for a Roomate (F) for Early RSU- De Neve Plaza Double
Please message me if interested!

There was a rainbow over campus! Seen from the view at my living room window. I hope you get to smile today, everyone :)


Educ 10 Requirement
Does this class open up to all students during second pass? Right now it says it's only for pre-majors, but I've seen people talk about taking it as a GE. How???

😩😩


Does anyone have any insight into UC Decision Days for 2023?


Schedule Conflict
I want to take CS32 and Physics 1A next quarter but they both have the exact same final time. They both also have one instructor teaching the course, so I can’t switch professors. Has anyone else been in a similar situation and has advice on what to do?

Stats 13 midterm
does anyone have past stats 13 midterms that they could share?

psych/ling/cogsci majors willing to hold class?
hiiii are is there anyone with the above majors who are really sexy and cool (would be willing to hold a class for me until tomorrow at 1:30?)

Easy Classes at UCLA google sheet
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_q0hxImJRdZ1VvpZxwA8vdKz9fusI6A_G0_fVX-6_QY/edit

Easy Classes
Does anyone know any easy classes to take this quarter? I need one more class and don’t know what to takes

Library Powell Nap rant
To the people who take up the best seats to nap in instead of studying, curse you all 😭 I go to study for 6 hours can't have anything nice 🥲 why can't you nap at your dorms/apartments. I know it's convenient for ya'll I'm just being a hater

anyone know where I can rent a DSLR camera


Can anyone hold a spot for math 170E? willing to pay
DM if interested!

Hold class
Would anyone be willing to hold a class for me till Monday night

PSYCH MAJORS
If you are a psych major with a second pass before Sunday who can hold a spot for me PLEASEEE comment I will love you forever

MIMG C185A or MCDB 138?
which one? anyone have any insight on these courses?

MIMG C185A or MCDB 138?
which one? anyone have any insight on these courses?

FILM TV 122D Littenberg
What is the workload like for this class? How are the exams and homework? I’m looking for an easy class for my last quarter, but I’m a psychobio major who doesn’t know the first thing about film editing lol

I'm already ENROLLED in a class for Spring 23, but won't meet the 'enforced requisite'... will I be unenrolled?


will hold a class
have my second pass active now, best offer. IDS major but lots of restrictions have been dropped so i’ll hold if i can!

does anyone have ls7c midterm 2s that I preferably don’t have to pay for
Much appreciated!

pic 16a
For those who have taken pic16a, would you recommend taking with Yang or Burnett?

Bcafe Squirrel :)


c/o 2023 grad sash
[removed]

AP Research Request
I am doing an AP Research study and I need UCLA students to participate. If you have a moment, would you mind taking a look and responding? All respondents are entered into a $100 amazon gift card raffle.

LS7A Finals test bank
hiii I just took my midterm and I want to be prepared for the final, I was wondering if anyone have an old test from previous year that they are open to share with?

Reviews on living at Sproul landing/cove
planning to take one of the sproul deluxes next year. how are the buildings?  any recommendations to choose between landing and cove.  I have heard that sproul hallways are pretty dull. Is that true?

Blue room
does anyone know if we're allowed to eat in the blue room at the study?

How to study for CS?
I do quite well in my other math and science courses, but CS seems to never click for me.   I understand all lecture material, take detailed notes, study the homework solutions, but always end up one standard deviation below the mean on exams.    CS students, do you have any specific advice on how to study for and do well on exams?

Have the economic scholarship recipients been notified yet?
They said mid - late feb on the application

English 10A with weaver
What is the class like? Is the midterm/final and essay or an actual test? Is the reading interesting?

When should I take LS7B?
Hello, I’m a freshman currently deciding second pass classes. Spring quarter I’ll be taking my cluster’s seminar, Chem 14B and Chem 14BL. Fall 2023 I’m planning to take Chem 14C, Statistics 13, and Physics 5A.  I was planning on taking LS7B next quarter as well but I kind of want to take it easy next quarter and not take it. But would LS 7B be too much on top of 14C and 5A in the fall? When should I take it?  Thanks for helping me out! :)

Looking for GR, GW, or WP RSU Group
 I’m thinking of trying to get a single room if possible, the RSU groups don’t need to be in the same room, so I’m just looking for a group, preferably with an early RSU time to join and try to get a single in a 2/3. If you already have a group I’m willing to pay to join and just select my own room during RSU. Please send me a dm if you’re interested!  Thank you!

finding a clean boelter bathroom is like finding a four leaf clover
+1 if it has toilet paper  +1 if it has seat covers  +1000 if it has soap

anyone looking to buy a PS5
[removed]

Need advice for ling cs major.
Do you think it’s too late to declare after summer session? But I can graduate on time.  And i wonder job perspective of this major

I can hold a class
Anyone need a class held? I have an active enrollment pass, best offer.

Easy 5 unit upper div
Anyone have any recs for a 5 unit easy upper div class in the spring? Need one to graduate

COMM 170
hi yall, if any of you can hold a spot in comm 170 (with dis 1A or even 1B) pm me!! really hoping to get this one for next quarter :\]

hold a class (second pass, today w early time)
hello, could someone who has an active enrollment pass pm me? i need to have a class held asap!! thank uu

What’s the best place to get a good breakfast burrito in Westwood?
It can be anywhere in the village, i don’t mind the walk or drive. Honestly I’d be willing to go a little farther too.

I can hold a class
if anybody needs their class held, i can hold it for you at 3pm today (2/23)! best offer   i'm a bio major

Psych 129C or Psych 162
I'm graduating please, I'm willing to pay

What’s it like being an extension student
Hey everyone, I was wondering if someone here who’s an extension student or been one could talk about what was your experience like?  Can you get involved with campus clubs, activities and events that happen on campus?  And also how did you figure out accommodation? Thanks

when do comm and pub aff drop enrollment restrictions second pass
Ugh. Second pass opened this morning and I can't enroll in a comm class or a pub aff class that I would reallyyy like to take. I thought once second pass started all enrollment restrictions were dropped but I guess not for these classes/ departments. Does anyone know when I can enroll? At least for comm I can't find it anywhere, not on the message center, department page, etc

Psych 162
Hey! I desperately need psych 162 in order to graduate this year. So, if you happen to be enrolled, I would love to pay for your spot. If interested, pls pm me

It’s hailing!


Wanna dine on the hill? Hmu for swipes.
Title ^

enrolling after first pass and between second pass
if my first pass ended but my second pass has not yet started, would i be able to drop a class and enroll in another right now?

Yo is Bruinlearn down?
Can’t have shit in west wood…

how to make friends
when you're an awkward mallard and a silly goose?  also im homeless and that's just messing with my head something TUFF

Anyone going to the lucki concert this Friday 2/24


Psych 162
If you are a junior (3rd year) taking Psych 162 class can you please pm me. Thank you !!!

Am I the only one who has gotten bad grades and have no social life at ucla?
[removed]

willing to pay for someone to drop psych 121


fastest major at ucla
Hi guys I've been and currently am in a tight situation as a 4th year at ucla. So to start off, I am not on track to graduate on time for June 2023 (unfortunate I know), this is because I've retaken multiple pre-requisite stem classes and changed my major 2 times. I am currently a computational biology major (I've taken LS7 series, Chem 14, Physics, some math, stats). My question is regarding what the fastest major at ucla to complete is? Of course, I have enjoyed a multitude of my stem classes. However the reason I majored in stem was due to family pressure but at the point I am currently in life I've learned to do what works best for me. I am a first gen student for context, I just want to be able to graduate with a degree from UCLA and know that I didn't waste 3 years of my life if the severe scenario comes that I must need to drop out. I've also learned along the way that I suffered severe BP and ADHD. Honestly, the past few years have put me at my lowest but also given me a substantial amount of positive experiences. With that said, I enjoy learning all types of topics and did not once despise any of my GE classes. So really guys, I would appreciate any advice or feedback on what would be the fastest way to graduate from here, thanks!

rant about econ/mgmt dept from a math/econ perspective
honestly i the fucking econ/mgmt department at this school is a joke... ive taken all my econ classes without showing up to class once and gotten A's and B's, whats the point in having a department that fucking babies the students as if they are in a high school AP Econ class, its kinda gross imo. In I remember in 102/106/104, my professor was still babying us through taking a partial derivative like... its pretty disgusting imo that UCLA charges over $60,000 for this calling it an "education"...   compared this to the math department, where maybe in the beginning of week 1 they do a little review, but thats it. all the math upper divs ive taken were amazing, 100% of the class i was learning new things. Overall, i guess im just dissatisfied that i ever even took any econ classes, as literally all except for maybe 103, and 106V. Hopefully after taking 147 and/or 149 (if they offer either) in the fall it will change my perspective, but I doubt it.

Holding a class
Is anyone willing to hold ls107 for me please! Please PM me I need this class! WILLING TO PAY GOOD!

Looking for someone to hold LS107 for me ASAP. I am willing to pay good please dm me!


stats 10
would anyone be willing to give me their spot in stats 10? willing to pay :)

LS7C
Looking for someone to hold a spot for LS7C - Lecture 4 (with Khankhan) - Discussion 4M (3:30-4:45) on Wednesdays or if anyone would like to switch i’m currently in Lecture 2 (with Esdin) - Discussion 1K (3:30-4:45) on Thursdays.

Econ 101 Spring?
Anyone willing to give me their spot for Econ 101 in the spring. I am willing to pay as well. I can even hold a class for you if you’d like. I have my second enrollment appointment on the the 23rd. Please let me know. I need this class this quarter.

switching to ling&amp;cs as transfer students (166 units)
I'm a transfer student that really want to switch to ling&amp;cs, I'll be finished with the switching requirements by next quarter but I'll have 166 units in total. (on their website they said they'll usuallyapprove for anyone that has less than 150 units)   Does anyone know if it is still possible for me to switch? anyone has done it before? I've been realizing how much I disliked my current major after I got to the upper divs, but i don't know if i still have a way out...

LS107
[removed]

LS 107
[removed]

Anyone got practice exams for Econ 11 midterm two?
please message if you do :'(

PSYCH 100B Lab Switch
Hello! I have Psych 100B Lab 1T (Thurs 3-4:50 PM) and it conflicts. If anyone has a 9 AM lab and would like to switch, please please let me know 🙏

Chem 14B Midterm 2
How did y’all do on this midterm compared to the last one? I did pretty bad and I studied quite a bit. I’m really disappointed because I got 3 questions wrong on the last midterm, and I knew I needed less than 3 questions wrong on this midterm to have any chance at getting an A in the class. I’m pretty sure I got 3 questions wrong on this midterm, unfortunately. This midterm had quite a few wording issues and I swear that molar entropy question is not something we really discussed in class. I hope Dr. Lavelle curves the test, as these midterms have such a huge impact on our grades.  To be honest, I think Chem 14B this quarter (Winter 2023) is structured horribly. The entire course total is 300 points, and the tests are worth like 220 I believe. On top of that, the midterms are only 15 questions each. So far, 30 questions dictate 70% of our entire grade in the class, which is quite ridiculous, and there is absolutely no room for error. Getting only 4 questions wrong between the two midterms tanks your grade to a B, and getting 6 questions wrong between the two midterms means that it is impossible for you to get an A in the class even if you score 100% on the final. Shouldn’t we at least have some sort of extra credit opportunities so we can make up points?

earlier rsu time for studio double
my roommate for next year and i (both f) are looking to join a group with others who want to live in gayley towers and have an earlier rsu than 3/7, 4 pm

Does anyone need FILM TV4?
dm me I realized   *I don’t need it*           ~ Spongebob

writing requirement [for pre meds] recommendations
does anyone have recs for english/writing classes that satisfy the med school requirements? i've been trying to get disability studies 101w and scand50w but they're always full lol.

Laundry rooms
Is it just me or I notice the drying machines are so asss and I sometimes have to start the machine back up 2 EXTRA times to fully dry my clothes? I'm not even complaining about paying $3 to dry when It should be $1 but I have to wait like 3 hours...

RA Website Update
Just noticed something weird updated on the site. What should we think?  &amp;#x200B;  " **Wednesday, February 22nd, 2023 - Tuesday, February 28th, 2023:** Individual Interview Days (For those who are moved on from Group Process). ***Please NOTE:***  all offers have been extended for candidates who have been moved on  from Group Process. Candidates who have been moved on in the process to  indivdual interviews must email us by 5pm on Wednesday, February 22nd  for a status update in order to move forward in our process. "

UCLA TEP ADMISSIONS 2023
Has anyone heard back yet about their admission status?

Deluxe Triple (M) Sproul cove oro sproul landing
Looking for roommates for deluxe.  Rising 3rd year. Non smoker, 12am to 2am sleep schedule. PM if interested!

NEED psych 100b this quarter or have to drop major
 Hey everyone!   This is my first time really posting here because I am honestly really, REALLY desperate. I have been trying to get psych 100b for 3 quarters now. I got really close this quarter (spot 1 on the waitlist) but was eventually dropped from the class. I went to class for 2 weeks but was dropped after that time because I was not officially enrolled. I got stuck with really shitty enrollment times for winter and spring. For this enrollment period, my 1st pass was on 2/21 at 8:30 am. I was VERY surprised by this because I have junior standing. I reached out to AAP and to the people in charge of enrollment and was basically told there was nothing they could do. As a result, I was unable to enroll in the one class I need to take (psych 100b). I didn't even get the chance to go on the waitlist. The class was completely full yesterday so there is absolutely no way for me to even try to get a spot. I spoke with an academic counselor today and was told that if I don't take the class this upcoming spring quarter, I run the risk of not being able to declare the major.    Some of you might be thinking that I should take it in the summer but the thing about that is that I can't take summer classes. I will be out of the state for the summer and am unable to come to in-person classes for the A6 summer session (the C6 summer session online version of psych 100b  is also completely closed). Even if I could stay for the summer, I cannot afford to pay for summer classes and for the housing I would need to stay here over the summer. There is no way for me to afford spring classes+housing, summer classes+housing, AND next year's classes+housing. Because of this, I couldn't even do the in-person psych 100b class if I wanted.    It is very frustrating that I have worked so hard to be in this major and to stay on track but have been unable to take the classes that I need because of enrollment appointments. Because of my financial circumstances, I am unable to do what some of my peers do and pay someone to hold a spot for me. I feel completely powerless and extremely frustrated by this situation. I feel like no one cares or is willing to help. I understand that my struggles are not other people's burden to bear but I can't help but feel so alone in this process.    As a result, I am turning to reddit to see if there are any kind humans out there who would be willing to offer some advice or, even better, willing to give up their spot so that I can stay in the major. I know it is  A LOT to ask but I am seriously so desperate and would be endlessly grateful. Truly, being able to take this class in spring quarter would save me a world of heartache and could allow me to continue to finance my education. I am willing to answer any and all questions. I ask that you please approach this post with empathy and I thank you so much for reading through this post.

female roommate wanted
*reposted***   hi! i’m looking for roommate for a 1 bed/2 bath university apartment (preferably on landfair). i’m a second year poli sci/mes major, super quiet, clean, and all my friends are graduating. also have two kitties, bang my line

dining halls are less busy this quarter vs last??
okay so lately i've noticed that this quarter the dining halls are significantly less busy than they were last quarter! like even when it says activity is at 100%, there's still always space left, sometimes even a lot of space. i'm definitely not complaining and i love it, but just wondering if anyone else has noticed this and if anyone knows why?? did they like change the criteria for the activity level or something? but like even if they did do that, i feel like it wouldn't impact the number of people THIS much

Willing to pay for a spot in Econ 101
I need to take Econ 101 next quarter in order to declare my major but its full. If anyone is in the class would be willing to pay money for your spot. DM me

Likelihood for only Singles in UCLA residential housing
Hi,  I'm a junior. For next year, I signed up for UCLA housing for Singles only but have heard it's very limited. Is that tru? If this turns out not available to me, do I still have the option to stay in doubles? What do I need to do? Really appreciate any info and suggestions you have.

What do I do if I fail a class
I just took my chem midterm and after getting a 40 on the last one, I think that I might fail the class. Also, I need at least a C- to take 14C next quarter, so what should I do? I already enrolled in 14C for next quarter and there aren't many other good classes available bc they're all filled up, and I need these classes for my major. I'm also premed, and I got a 3.33 gpa last quarter but I've been doing even worse this quarter so I'm just not sure what to do or if I should even stay on the premed track.

Chem 14D w/ Pham
Planning on taking chem 14D next quarter with Pham. Are his lectures recorded? Or do we need to attend lectures for sure? Kinda don't want to take up early, walk to south campus, sit for 50 mins, just to walk back home on Friday's when i could be sleeping in 😭😭😭

CA Pedestrian Safety Survey


Any former Lemonade Mouth/Dog with a Blog stans?


to the miserable b* that approved MWF classes….


dykstra rsu
hi! i’m looking for someone in dykstra to form a rsu, since i want classic single. i just want to avoid main rsu by making a group if possible, we don’t have to get along! pm me :)

parking spot
does anybody have a parking spot with their apartment in westwood they’re not using for spring quarter?

Physci UD electives
Any easy Physci UD electives? PLEASE COMMENT

Easy upper div for History Majors?


Easy upper div History courses


where can i get some ac*d?


Has anyone taken LS7C with Prof H. Liu?
Just wondering how he is, I can't find any info.

Holding a Class
[removed]

Anyone willing to drop PSYCH 110? For $$$$
If you’re willing to drop please let me know I will pay generously

thank you, SEAS OASA


Is math 61 necessary for cs180?
I’m going to take cs180 however , one of the course requisites is math 61 and I was wondering if it is necessary to take this course . Thank you !

Looking for single pods RSU group (female)
Hi! Im looking for anyone who wants to live in single pod next year! Especially who has RSU timeslot before 3/6 3:30pm!!  Please dm me if you want to join!

need math class held, can pay ^-^
enforced prereq of stats 100a / math 170a / 170e, so pls msg if u've taken those classes and have an early-ish 2nd

Hold a Class
[removed]

Hold a Class
[removed]

LS107 Class Hold
[removed]

RSU Group Studio Singles??
Hi,  I'm trying to get a Studio Single University apartment, either in Gayley Towers, Glenrock West, or Landfair. Is anyone else(M) trying to get a studio in any of these buildings? If so, let's make an RSU group so we can get an earlier RSU time. We don't have to share an apartment unit, as long as we are in the same building, we would get access to early RSU.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks!

I think a homeless man is stalking me
Hi,  (I'm going to write this assuming he doesn't have reddit, which is a risk I'm willing to take because I've taken the necessary measures to avoid any knowledge he could get from some of the details...)  Here it is. It was Septempter. I had landed at LAX without having planned a ride home, and I refused to waste money on an uber, so I thought to take the bus from LAX to Pacific Palisades, where I was renting a room at the time. I take a random spot on the bus. Across the aisle is a homeless looking man, he has disgusting, mishapen, rotten teeth and bloodshot eyes. He notices my giant suitcase and starts up a conversation. "Oh, are you coming from the airport? Where did you go?" and whatnot. I oblige him. I'm a guy of decent stature and build, it's not like I was afraid him, if he was a creep or whatever. I just thought I'd be nice to this gross-looking man who no one probably talks to. Throughout this hour-long bus ride his questions start to get more personal. "Where do you live?" and eventually, "Can I have your phone number? maybe we could get a coffee or tea sometime." At this point I'm pretty taken aback, but I still don't want to be rude so, like an idiot, I tell him I live in Westwood, which I figure is alright since, at the time, I was in Pacific Palisades. I stop talking to him after this. We finally get to downtown SM, and I get off the bus. So does he. As I'm walking off he calls my name and, with a light and somewhat airy tone, as if he was trying to be seductive, he asks me "Have you ever heard the song, 'It's Only Love?'" I keep walking, and after I'm some distance from him, look back and watch as he shuffles along into a dark corner of downtown.   Fastforward to last week. I live in Westwood now. I'm coming back from class to my apartment going my usual route. And there he is, sitting at a table outside of a coffeeshop. No coffee, of course. We make eye-contact and I kind of do a double-take. Oh shit, it's him. I wonder if he remembers me, was my first thought, then, I wonder what he's doing here. Whatever, I keep walking.   And then yesterday, as I'm walking back from the grocery store I see him standing right next to an apartment entrance that's two buildings from mine. He was in such a weird location that he caught my eye and sure enough he's looking at me, recognizes me. And now I'm very sussed out. I keep walking, and once I'm a little further away I look back. He's shuffled out away from the apartment entrance's little enclosure onto the sidewalk and is looking in my direction. My first thought is that he might be trying to figure out where I live, he must've watched me go after I passed him at the coffeeshop. So I walk passed my building and turn down a nearby street. I wait around for about 15 minutes, and when I go back to my street he's still there, pacing up and down a small section of my block. I wait even longer and approach my building but he's still there and he sees me. Eventually I find a way back to my place but now this shit ways heavy on my mind. This is the first verse of a song by the Beatles, "It's Only Love,"  " I get high when I see you go by, my, oh my   When you sigh, my, my inside just flies, butterflies   Why am I so shy when I'm beside you?  It's only love and that is all   Why should I feel the way I do?   It's only love and that is all   But it's so hard loving you"  Maybe I'm just being paranoid?

anybody need a class held?
hii my second pass is tmr at 1:30 pm and i can hold a class or two!! dm me if interested and how much $

Conflict brews over governor’s student transfer guarantee plan for ultracompetitive UCLA
This is not a good idea tbh

Currently holding 14cl
Lecture 1, lab 1e Pm offers :)

Any Spring classes I can take to acquire social skills as someone with negative rizz?
After recent interviews, coffee chats, and conversations with people, I have concluded that I have negative rizz.   Please tell me a class that’ll at least give me passable rizz 🙏🙏🙏😭😭  I promise I’m not SnooRoar. Just mentally ill.

Looking to switch physics 5c lab and discussion
currently enrolled in lecture 5 with hamilton. looking to switch with anyone who wants lab g1 on Monday at 8 am to 9:50 am and discussion 5a on Tuesday at 8 am to 8:50 am.

Looking to switch physics 5c lab and discussion


I can hold 5 units
Basically, the title. I can hold up to 5 units. My second pass is tomorrow at 3:30 pm.   Let me know what the class is below, and I can tell you if I can hold it or not (some classes have requirements).

could someone help me with 60 please?


Looking for 4 meal swipes on Saturday
[removed]

Do you need to have completed prerequisites to enroll with a PTE or does it bypass requisites?


Any classes I can take to get social skills as someone with negative rizz?
[removed]

IS ANYONE IN PSYCH 100B FOR SPRING??
if any of yall are in psych 100B and are willing to give up the spot I will literally pay you! this is the last class I need for the psych pre-major requirements and dont wanna take it in the summer or wait till fall. PLSSS LMK

Offering $250 for physics 5C
If anyone has a spot in physics 5C for spring quarter and is willing to drop it for $250 (and a spot in 5b if you want it) pls message me

Do you have to attend lecture or discussion for CS35L or both?


Pass/Fail a pre-req
Anyone know if I will be able to enroll in a class if I took the pre-req to the class Pass/Fail?

FILM TV 122D or DANCE 101
i need your opinion guysss is it better to take FILM TV 122D w/ Susan Littenberg (4 creds) or DANCE 101 w/ Blu Wakpa (5 creds)???? I need an easy A class for my last quarter and only need 3 credits tbh.

spring quarter subleasing
i’m F22, graduating this spring and looking to sublease a space in a westwood apartment for my last quarter (and possibly summer but not necessary!) my budget is around $1000-1200/month - if you’re subleasing or know someone who is please message me!

LS7A is full right now. Does anyone know if its gonna open up for second pass? Tysm!!


Experiences w/ CS32 online asynchronous?
Because I messed up my course pacing a bit, I have to take cs32 online (with ambrosio) this summer. Has anyone taken this class online before? Is it difficult? Was CS33 hard afterwards?

thoughts
I’m looking to join clubs like maybe APO or foundations or any others like it; would anyone be willing to share their experiences or give me other recommendations 👍🏼

Picture I took showing the sheer size of Royce Hall.


Possible appeals
Hello UCLA redditors, I'm an applicant to UCLA. I'm happy with my progress in trying to get in. I did UCLA summer sessions, poured my heart onto those essays (even getting a UCLA professor to look at them), I got asked a supplemental questionnaire and I'm invited to the prospective scholar day since i've completed some prospective scholarship applications. In the event I get rejected, would talking about any of these help me?

Clubs to meet people
I want to join a club so I can pick up a new hobby, make friends and become better at talking to people (I'm kinda antisocial). Preferably not a sport since I'm going through some running injuries. Any recommendations?

Math specialization in computing
I plan to specialize in computing in the math department. How successful would i be in petitioning that cs 31 and 32 would cover pic 10a 10b and 10c?   I read that they require cs 31-33 and 35L which seems excessive to cover a few pic classes (which are easier and require less work). Cs 33 and 35l isn't even the same material as pic 10a-c as far as i know

FILM TV 122D or DANCWE 101
i need your opinion guysss is it better to take FILM TV 122D w/ Susan Littenberg (4 creds) or DANCE101 w/ Blu Wakpa (5 creds)???? I need an easy A class for my last quarter and only need 3 credits tbh.

Just dropped a class on Week 7
myUCLA literally let me drop with ease.... I mean I knew I was gonna fail the class, so I decided this couldn't hurt  I'd rather take the L on my transcript, I'm just SO surprised I didn't have to petition or anything like that, I just dropped 😂  How will this affect me 😭😭😭😭

easy poli sci upper divs?
thinking abt enrolling in an upper div for this spring. this will be my first, so i’m trying to ease in. any recs?

Morning bfitters, where are you at?
Day 41 of going to the gym! How early is early? Is it more beneficial to go in the morning than evening?

Looking for roomate(s)
Hi, I (male) am going to be a senior next year and looking for either:  -a group of 3 to join my 3 to form a 6 person group, We haven’t picked out at apt yet but we’re thinking about gaylee heights.  -1 person to be my roommate in a 3/6 -a group of 2 that are looking for a someone to take the single of a 2/3.  Our group has an early RSU on the 6th, mine is in the afternoon on the 6th.   A little about me: I am a a pretty quiet guy and a STEM major, I’m also involved in a couple of club sports and try to have fun when I can. I tend to stay up pretty late (12-2ish), I enjoy all sports, video games and working out. I drink and smoke, drinking in the apt is fine but my roommates don’t want any smoking but don’t care if you do it outside. I don’t mind having guests over as long as you let me know before hand, ofc I will try to do the same.   Ig I’m just looking for someone who will be respectful of the space, I am a pretty independent person so I’ll probably be on my own and doing my own thing most of the time. I’m not a clean freak but I try to be tidy and would like you to be aswell.  If anybody is interested, please shoot me a dm! Obviously what I said above is not set in stone, again I’m just looking for someone who will be respectful and is open to compromise!

Is it too late to drop a class?
I refuse to lose my 4.0 bc of one bad teacher. I know it’s not my fault bc no one in my class got above a B. This shit sucks.

Res life letter
Hi all! I am trippin hard rn. I dropped a class earlier this quarter bc of some personal issues and i am no longer on full time standing. Because I live in a UA, res life emailed me today basically saying that since I’m not a full time student, there could be an issue with my contract. It’s definitely on me for not remembering this when i dropped the class, but I deadass could not keep up with it because of said personal issues. Does anyone with experience with this issue know how willing res life will be to listen to my situation and allow me to explain it to them? I do not wanna get evicted lmao

Declare question
I transferred third year student and i hope to declare after this summer session.  Will it be too late? But I can graduate on time.

has anyone taken anthro 135s
it’s an upper div but i’m taking it as a ge, is it difficult

waitlisted discussions
what happens if I enroll in a waitlisted discussion section and don’t end up getting in? I reallyyyyy want/kind of NEED that specific time… but is it better to just enroll in one that’s still open? help

de neve studio
is de neve studio still a thing? how can I reserve the space/ what's in it :0  hoping to use it as a DJ practice space or to do shoots in there.

Got a $94 ticket here when I went to pick up food a couple weeks ago. But when they do it it’s fine 😀


looking to form a 4bed/4ppl uni apartment rsu group!
[removed]

Anyone selling parking spots
[removed]

Summer 2023 Sublease
Hello,   Female rising senior looking to sublease for Summer A and C sesh. Preferable private room or studio.

14BL, GE, and Writ II over summer?
I'm enrolled in Chem 14BL (with Henary), a writing II (AN N EA 15W), and a GE (Ling 1) during one summer session. Is this managable? 14BL is in-person but AN N EA and Ling are both asynchronous. Thanks!

Sociology M176
Anyone want to switch discussions? I have dis 1B 2-2:50.!!

Greenfield for Psych 133G
How is she as a professor and her class as a whole? The most recent Bruinwalk review is from Nov 2021, so I would like to hear some more current reviews of her.

anyone dropping Physics 5B for Spring ‘23
PLEASE LET ME KNOW, I need the class. i can wait for my 2nd enrollment pass on 2/27 or when the quarter starts. please reach out

UD Science courses
Does anyone know of any easy upper division science courses that I can take?

Dropping a class before spring quarter
If I drop a class I enrolled in for spring quarter to make room for a class I need more, will that negatively affect my transcripts or GPA at all since I haven't even take the class yet?

Holding a class
Hi i can a active first pass right now let me know if you want me to hold a class for you and are willing to pay

Does my RSU suck ???
[removed]

Anyone giving up their lease at 660 Veteran Ave!
Hello,   I was wondering if anyone plans on giving up their 1 bedroom lease next school year at this apartment? I have a friend who currently lives their and they said its actually really nice and not too expensive. If so, I hope no one minds in pming me!!!

UCLA BIG Summer in Genomics
[removed]

ra individual interview
does anyone know how formal it is? do i need to dress up? any insight appreciated thanks!

holding a class
my second pass is at 8:30am tomorrow (2/23) - lmk if you want a class held and are willing to pay!

Discord for all readers
[removed]

Need spot in Chem C172, willing to pay
Pls I’m just trying to graduate lol

Financial Aid Overaward Charge
Has anyone ever been hit with an overaward charge on their account for a scholarship coming in? UCLA hit me with a charge for fall and winter one quarter/ one money after they already gave me my refund. Not sure how this is allowed or fair. If anyone has helpful advice on this please let me know.

Looking for CS32 skeleton project for MiniRogue
This was Project 3 given in CS32 Spring 2020. The goal was to develop an ASCII game called MiniRogue. I am looking for a copy of the skeleton project that was provided for download, skeleton.zip. Wayback Machine has the copy of the project page, but not the actual file.  I am looking to get back into programming and figured it might be fun to revisit the old project I did in school (back in 2006), and I remember the skeleton project that the professor offered was a really nice way to start building upon.

How do you stop bombing exams?
[removed]

Physics 1B online w/Corbin?
Corbin is the only c sesh teacher for 1B and he's teaching it online. are lectures recorded? is it difficult? anybody that's taken it or heard about it lmk

any HBS, MCDB, or MIMG majors that can hold a class please pm me! will pay


Looking to switch physics 5 lab and discussion
currently enrolled in lecture 5 with hamilton. looking to switch with anyone who wants lab g1 on Monday at 8 am to 9:20 am and discussion 5a on Tuesday at 8 am to 8:50 am.

How is Professor Givvin for PSYCH 133F?
I was wondering how her exams are and also what is her participation like. I read reviews about her participation through Clicker but I have never used that before so I have no clue what that is, if someone who had her can explain to me how it works and what it is? Like do I need to participate every time or do I just need to be present in class?

Literary and Cultural Analysis requirement for GE’s rec’s?
any easy class recs? thanks!!

MGMT 1A
Does anyone got mgmt 1a? I can pay u for the class. Thanks!

can anyone with enrollment on 23rd hold a class for me?
will pay u, thanks!

Klein mgmt 127a
Did anyone else find the midterm pretty easy but got a glower grade than they expected? I got 16/20 and I know it’s in the A range and stuff but I was pretty sure I got at least 18/20 when I took that test but again maybe it’s just me sucking at tests again

Free Application Review!
Hey everyone! I'm a fourth year psychobio premed student and wanted to offer a FREE application review and interview practice to anyone who needs it. Summer internship and job apps are coming up and I'd love to help you put your best foot forward. I've reviewed apps and interview applicants for clubs, startups and other companies. If you need someone with experience to help you through a difficult process to give you the best chance at doing what you want to do, dm me! I would love to help any way I can. And if you have applied to positions in the past and haven't gotten the result you wanted, dm me and I will give you notes on what went wrong so you're ready for the next time and we can meet/call too. Good luck on midterms!

Ling165B with Schutze
Has anyone taken LING165B (Syntax II) with Schutze? How the professor and the grade breakdown? Are the discussions mandatory?

has anyone had professor do?
they teach 32b next quarter, was wondering if anyone has had him bc i couldnt find anything on him on bruinlearn

anyone selling lunch swipp at deneve today?


to everyone in chem 14d
The class is hard, the material is hard, everything is hard, and winter quarter isnt making things easier. Take this from someone who also once stumbled my way through this class, it gets better. If you're struggling to understand things or do synthesis or figure out certain reactions, don't bash yourself and don't call yourself names, this shit is tough. Being able to get through it is simply a testament to how strong and smart you really are.  In the wise words of Anish Nag, "this is just one class in your journey of many. Whatever may happen, it doesn't matter. You live and learn and move on to bigger things in your future. Right now, you are a brilliant student overcoming difficult barriers, but you will make it."  Drink water, eat well, sleep the 8, and best of luck to you all on Friday, I (random redditor) believe in all od you!

Math 33b with Wang
I just wanna ask y’all who have taken her class, is her lectures recorded? I have a class on Fridays that is at the same time so I was thinking just to watch her recorded lecture on Fridays.   Also I have a terrible second pass time so if any of y’all can hold it for me it’d be much appreciated!!

Subleasing my apt
Hello! I decided to graduate a quarter early due to financial reasons. I am looking for someone to sublet my apartment/take over my lease located on Kelton Ave. from March 24th- June 30th (the entirety of spring quarter). This apartment is fully furnished 1Bed 1 and 1/2 Bath. Laundry unit in the garage. There are 3 closets, an open floor plan, full kitchen , and a balcony.  The furniture included among many others are 2 twin beds, 1 twin xl bed, 3 desk, futon/couch, kitchenware and appliances.  I won’t be needing the bed anymore or any of the furniture that I own, so it can be given to you at no cost, or if you want to move in your own furniture let me know. There are two other female room mates, they are so amazing to live with and are originally from Long Beach.   Rent is $735 per month can be prorated based on move in date) The only utility you need to pay for is electricity. Gas, water and wifi is included.   I also have a parking spot available for $150/month each as well! Please DM me if you're interested or want more info.

Motherbird your worst nightmare ❤️‍🔥


part time work
does anyone have any suggestions/know of anywhere hiring? looking for part time work, preferably restaurant industry

Isolation housing roommates
Are they still putting people in shared rooms for isolation housing?

some updates on the 99 Ranch Market…?


If someone is holding a class for me and there is a waitlist, is there a way to guarantee that spot goes to me?
I’ve never done waitlists before, basically, if she drops the class the spot will go to a random person on the waitlist right? Is there a way for the person saving the seat to transfer it directly to me?

Watch out for the cops giving tickets to birders
There’s one circulating the hill and another parked in Dickson court by the stop sign intersection.

How to sell meal swipes
[removed]

Failed midterm :'(
[removed]

fish/shellfish labels
are these labels accurate? their seems to be fish present in almost every dish on the menus😔

HOLD MATH 33B: WILLING TO PAY!!
Need someone to hold Math 33B for me, please dm me. Willing to pay good amount for compensation

Ee bio with lipman/girl Italy
Is it bruincasted? Are discussions mandatory? How hard was it? Thanks!

Protip: if you start on antidepressants bc school is hard, be careful with alcohol
I just had literally one drink to clear some space in my fridge and now I’m  f u c k e d  up  like holy shit I heard these things kill your tolerance but goddamn

Does UCLA have any 3D plastic printing and laser scanning tech that would be available for a pre-med student? I'm trying to make dental models using castings of teeth.


bplate food poisoning??
just wondering if anyone else ate bplate tonight and feels like absolute dogshit

I have an early second pass
my second pass is at 8 AM on the 23rd (Thursday) and I have 7 extra units that I’m not gonna use. I could use those 7 units to hold a class for someone! Not gonna charge because I don’t like how the system makes people spend money to get their classes. pm me!

ASTR 5 with Rich
Has anyone taken this course with professor Rich? How's his teaching style and workload? I'm a south campus major but bad at biology.

Ling&amp;cs people givr me advice..
😅 comment plz

Chem 14B PTE# ??
Anyone else being asked for a PTE# to enroll in the discussion for Chem 14B next quarter???

Engcomp 3D
Who is better? Gomez or Ketai?

Selling spot in Physics 5A
[removed]

Hold a class willing to pay or treat you food!!
Can someone help me please thank you so much!!!

Psych Column A Difficulty
Does anyone have any advice on column A’s. How difficult are these courses really? Im doing very well in Psych 100B for reference. Are these courses comparable in difficulty to 100B?

Will pay for Psych 100b C Sesh
I can pay or save a spot for you for fall quarter (I have priority enrollment)

Looking for roommates for a plaza triple (f)
[removed]

Anyone else STRUGGLING in Surro's Econ 102 Class rn or is it just me??
I know I absolutely failed that midterm, but like this Solow Excel Project and final?? sigh sigh.  If the final is anything like the midterm i.e. the questions being nothing like I've ever seen before, boy oh boy idk how I'm gonna pass this class. I wish he would post worked-out solutions to the training set questions bc if I didn't know how to do them the first time around, I simply will not know how to do them when I try to study them again for the tests. Maybe I'm just dumb but I simply am not grasping the intuition behind these concepts. Tips on how to study more effectively for this class would be greatly appreciated. + study buddies?

Looking for roommates for plaza triple (f)
[removed]

Looking for roommates for a plaza triple (f)
[removed]

Looking for roommates for plaza triple (f)
[removed]

Looking for roommates for a plaza triple (f)
[removed]

Anybody with PSYCH 162 willing to trade me for PSYCH 133f?
I really really want that class. Please DM me if you're willing to switch!

accessing acceptance letter
does anyone know if i can access my acceptance letter as a junior or if it's just deleted? lolz

Hold a class
   Does anyone has any early enrollment pass and willing to hold mgmt 1a for me? Also, does anyone have got math 31b or math 32a? I can pay you for the seats and helping me hold the class. Thanks!

Should I drop the class or go P/NP?
I just got my midterm grade back for a comms class. 39/45 which is a B. The course gives us a 10/10 as extra credit which brings my total to an 89.09%. I have yet to take the final which is out of 45. I need to score a 44/45 on the final in order to earn an A. I plan on attending law school so this is risky. If I go Pass/No pass this will be my second time using this option of an non major related elective course. Or I could just drop the class (not sure if I’ll get a transcript notation, does it warn you?)   but I’m also enrolled with the professor for a side project so I don’t want things to be awkward. Thanks for all your help!  I plan on attending law school after undergrad btw!

join rsu group
hi! I'm currently in a group of 4 girls (hoping for a 2bd/4pr apartment) and we were wondering if anyone with an early rsu time (3/6) and space in their rsu group would be able to add us into theirs! thanks in advance :')

Classes where attendance is non mandatory
Hey guys,   I’m a senior who doesn’t want to go to class. I watch lectures at home in my pajamas the way god intended. Can anyone recommend some upper division classes where lectures are posted online? I’m a psychology major.  I don’t care how easy the class is if attendance is mandatory. Please help me. Ily.

RSU
[removed]

what time do 2 bd/4pr typically run out?
i have rsu in the afternoon on the 6th, do i need to find someone with an earlier time to gurantee a unit for my group?

laser cut something for me and ill pay you $20
i have a pretty simple file i want to laser cut into acrylic. im not physically on campus so kinda hard for me to do it myself and i kept procrastinating while i was on campus, so now im hoping to get someone to do it for me for the fair price of $20 ish.  total time: probably like 10 min of setup and then you can do hw or something for 30 min while it cuts.  dm me if interested or for more details!

is there sesame in the food at feast tonight


Hold classes for $$
Hi there,  I have a really bad second enrollment pass and was wondering if someone would be able to hold Anthro 2 Section 1K or Psych 120A  (prereqs: Psych 10 and Psych 100A) Section 1D for me until February 27th at 8 pm. Willing to pay!!!  Thanks, Akansha

RSU
[removed]

Can hold classes for $. PM me!
If you ever need someone to hold classes for you pm me.

Will colleges care if I don't take a science senior year?
[removed]

looking for roommates (f)
hi! i’m a rising 4th year and i’m looking for roommates to dorm in preferably a plaza double or triple with private bath or deluxe double/triple, but also open to other room types!  feel free to message me if you’re interested and wanna chat more :))

Hold a 5 unit class
Hi!!!! If anyone has space or an early second pass enrollment time, can you hold a ge class for me?

Bars
One day Rende will serve grande lattes Maybe on a holiday, but not today This kinda sounds cliche

For any 90s kids: Stussy • LA. [OC].


midterms


title ix hold???
i have a hold on my account for apparently not doing the title ix training (even though i'm pretty sure i remember doing it at some point) so i'm trying to find it to do it again but can't seem to find anything on their website [https://sexualharassment.ucla.edu/](https://sexualharassment.ucla.edu/education-training/training-overview). does anyone know where to find it?

