How does major changes work?

How to find a classical guitar teacher at USC?
[removed]
PHIL430
Has anyone taken this class? I mistakenly signed up as a spring transfer not realizing this class is mostly seniors finishing up their majors. I feel behind and don’t know how to catch up! Does anyone have any advice?
Reaching Mr. O'Pray in Viterbi, (Financial Matter)
[removed]
DPS timely warning crime alert.
I don't understand why? If the crime happens at 9:15 pm I received an email at 7:30 am the next day about it. DPS has the most useless system in my opinion. Also when in the presence of them or seeing an officer at the university I see them doing nothing, most of the time, they are late to respond, and they give you bad stares when inside their vehicles, again doing nothing. BTW these are the same people who break the locks on the bikes left during the spring break and summer and they resell the bikes.
Students at USC with an average GPA, what do you think got you that acceptance letter ?
Hey guys, I’m a prospective student, looking to apply to the computer science graduate program.

My GPA is 8.76/10, (3.5-3.7)

Are there any people like me out here that got accepted ? If so, what do you think contributed to you being accepted ?
What Desktop should I buy? (Budget: &lt;$1,500)
i currently own a macbook pro and was thinking of getting a 24" iMac. all the technology i own are Apple products and having them all come from Apple has been nice and easy for me to use. but before i make this purchase i wanted to ask if there are better desktops out there or if the iMac is good for what i intend to use it for. my biggest things are:

* a desktop that can run editing softwares (i use AVID and Davinci)
* a desktop that can run Hogwarts Legacy (lol)
* a desktop that supports Final Draft
* longevity (i want to make sure this desktop at least lasts 10 years)

i was debating between the $1,299 iMac or the $1,499 iMac (this one is still within my budget b/c Best Buy is having a sale). but if there are better desktops out there, i'd be open to them!
Why is there screaming
I can’t hear what they’re saying but there are chants
Summer Housing at The Lorenzo (Private at Low Price)
[removed]
Summer Sublet at the Lorenzo
[removed]
